# numerology
I like numerical sequences, so I thought I'd start to share a few of the ones that I like. they're probably not very significant, so I titled this section "numerology" because they have more meaning to me than real concrete significance.
### 2024-12-03 11:12 - sums of powers of 2 and primes

in the book of revelation, chapter 11, there's this strange passage about these "two witnesses" -- and they're said to have been given power by God to prophesy for "times, time, and half a time" -- so that got me noticing the sequence early on of `1/2, 1, 2`. that adds up to be 3.5, which is also half of 7. it occurred to me that sequence was pretty useful to an ancient numerologist because there's one/unity (the start of everything), then there's the first direction of doubling in the positive direction, and halving in the negative direction. the positive direction blows up pretty quickly (though the slowest of integers raised to a power), and the negative direction goes infinitely toward zero, but never reaches it. therefore, that sequence can also be seen as the same as `0, 1, Infinity` -- another sequence that I love, because that one is also found in verious places in the bible, most notably in john 1: "in the beginning (0) was the word (1), and the word (1) was with God (Infinity), and the word (1) was/is God (Infinity)" -- so in short: `in 0 is 1 and 1 = Infinity`. that idea got me thinking a whole lot about how to make 1 out of zero (which funnily enough, the only one that comes to mind right now is `0^0` -- which may or may not be a valid thing because anything multiplied by 0 is 0 and anything raised to the power of 0 is 1 -- so, who knows).
	anyway, just as another aside, if I remember correctly (and I could be wrong about this), that a long time ago (I dunno more than 1kya) things weren't so rigorous back then, so the powers of n were counted as the number of times that 1 is multiplied by n -- so for example, the number 2^10 is 1024 -- but back then, it was 1 doubled 11 times. I'm of the belief that the great solar year is 1024 (1 doubled 11 times), and it's little solar is 11y -- a nice coincidence. that one is pretty hand-wavy, but for me, I like it because I like the sun and I like 11, so that's pretty dope. thank goodness things are rigorous now (instead of counting the amount of times something is doubled/tripled/etc) with the powers cause having any number raised to the power of 0 is always 1 (so that adding powers, is effectively the same as multiplying) is really cool.
anyway, the other cool thing about summing powers of two to get a prime, is that there are only two that I know of: `1+2=3` which is pretty cool because 3 is the first prime, and it's also the product of the first two integers (which also happen to be powers of 2 -- and powers of 2 are awesome because it's the *slowest* way to get to Infinity). the next one is one that I really, like which is `(1/2) + (1/2*2) + (1*2) + (3.5*2)` -- or `1/2 + 1 + 2 + 3.5` , but only just now as I'm writing it down do I realise that I think I'm not writing it properly or something. anyway, the way it looks in my head is 0.5 doubled is 1 (`0.5 + 1 = 1.5`), plus 1 doubled (`1.5 + 2 = 3.5`) plus 3.5 doubled (`3.5 + 3.5 = 7`). then I don't know how to explain why I like the 7 version more than the 3 version, because the 7 version is both below 1 (0.5) and above 1 (2), so 1 is in the balance, but then there's another invisible balance where when 3.5 is doubled, --- nevermind, I'll have to try and figure out a way to explain it better. now that I've written it out, I don't see why the extra doubling at the end is so cool to get a prime. I've got to end this here, cause I don't know what I'm saying anymore. I also don't know why I wanted to write this out so much either... lol, well there you have it: a sequence that only makes sense to me, but I don't know why :)
