# thoughts

### 2024-11-11 22:50 - observe, describe, participate

today I learned something really great in dbt class that I'd never noticed before: observation, in it's purest non-judgemental form is just receiving emotional input. we were talking about the infinite feedback loop (unless interupted) of observing something, having an emotional responce to it, which produces a thought (a description/judgement/etc) which then produces a another emotion -- and this goes on infinitely forever. lemme back up, because when I say "observe", what it means to me is when I defocus my eyes (so they look straight ahead or generally not at anything specific), it feels like I take a step back and when that happens, I'm observing myself -- I experience all of my sensory input (my eyes still see, I still hear sounds, etc) but all of the sensory data that's coming in produces a stream of emotions/concepts -- which if any of those emotional observations is strong enough, my rational mind jumps in to figure out what it is that's causing the strong emotional responce. that's the "judgement" phase -- where my brain has been trained to identify danger, or something that needs my consciousness back in the driver's seat again, and once again my consciousness zooms back into my head and I'm in my body again, fully rationalising/processing the conceptual/emotional input and responding to the situation in the way that I've trained my symbolic brain to respond.
it was such a powerful realisation to me to be able to see that in pure observation mode, I'm not processing anything symbolically,-- and thinking on it, trying it out consciously, and contemplating my observation about observation, I realised that mode is the default mode that newborns and children who have not yet really learned to respond symbolically (with words and sentences) are: they're just taking it in. when I was younger I watched a baby (very young) accidentally get hit by an object -- and when the object hit them, there was no reaction at all. their body didn't move to try and block it, move out of the way, or anything -- and even the realisation that the object hitting them caused pain didn't even register for a bit either -- and it took a moment to react to the pain by crying. when I say "symbolically respond" -- I don't mean just words, but I mean everything from body movement and words to thoughts and stuff (anything measurable inside the body). that's my second realisation too, which is that everything from thoughts ("why did you throw that at me", "wtf bro, I'm gonna throw something back", etc) are all *learned* (or rather I should say *trained* responces to the emotional/conceptual stimulus). therefore, then it's easy to see that the "judgement" part is actually a layer on top of the the individual resonses, which categorises and filters out the stuff that's not necessary to turn into a thought.
later on, the course teaches non-judgementalness or acceptance (which is itself a judgement: the judgement that the thing I'm observing is acceptable). in fact, the whole phase of judgement that happens in the brain is quite interesting as well, because judgement isn't always the same; it's strongly affected by emotional state, because the same thing can happen to me in a state of frustration and that gets routed to a symbolic (neuronal) response that is trained when I'm in that emotional state.
	it appears that the training happens by observation as well, because I watch mom/dad respond to something a way in their state of frustration (emotional state, or protons is just a vibration and I'm not limited by distance to feel how someone feels, so when I see someone respond to something, that automatically gets associated with the vibration of the emotional state that they make the action in) and so my mirror neurons get aligned in such a way that they'll fire to perform the same action my emotional state is the same as theirs.
then, in another emotional state, it's very common that I'll judge the same thing differently -- so when I train my brain to be in a state of non-judgementalness or acceptance, I'm forcing the routing of the emotional responce into a dead-end destinaton. therefore, we can think of the brain's emotional responce system as a set of nerons which are all (like antennas) trained to receive an impulse from the vibrating protons in my emotional state which matches the frequency of the emotional state. in one state some neurons fire and in another other neurons fire. all of the neurons exist simultaneously and they're all waiting to fire, but they're only activated by the state that one is in. I know for me personally, I'll observe something and upon observation I'll have more than one responce happen at once -- which cause my body to jitter or move non-fluidly -- or me to feel tounge-tied, or unable to express the responce in words in a cohesive way (because I'm trying to say more than one thing at one time -- like I literally "hear" 2+ full sentence responces in my head all at the same time, yet my mouth only makes incoherent or grunting noises).
next, "describe" is listed as another mode of mindfulness -- which is where I take the conceptual input from the observation and I turn that into words and ideas. it too is an emotional responce, but when those neurons fire, they get routed down through a lot of other neurons to form coherent grammar and sentence structures. this was especially noticeable to me when I learned spanish, becuse I had to route the conceptual responce through a different part of my brain (ie, through a different set of neurons) which would produce the mouth/tounge movements necessary to produce spanish words instead of english ones. like judgement, there are also a whole lot of neurons that only fire in different emotional states -- because I would notice that the tone of my voice would contain parts of my emotional state, and I simply couldn't put into voice some concepts in some emotional states.
finally, "participate" is a particularly interesting mode of being, because it combines the two previous modes into one: I'm *observing* someone/something else, and getting emotional/conceptual input, yet at the same time I'm simultaneously converting that input directly into output (usually without a whole lot of processing/judgement) to it. for me, this is when my brain is most succeptible to being manipulated by others because I'm directly converting emotional input into symbolic output, responding in a similar way as those whom I'm participating with; it's my most "vunerable" state of being, because (unless there's something which gives a really strong emotional responce which triggers one of my red-flags) I'm completely just mimicking/reflecting the other participants.
	for me, as I lowered my resistance to things (ie, negative judgement neurons), I became more and more "reflective" -- which just means that by default I participate with the other person, allowing their judgements to also be my judgments, training my neurons to fire the same way as theirs are firing in the same emotional state as they're in.
for me, the participation state is nearly the same as the observation state,-- however the difference is that there isn't that step back where I'm observing myself. in fact, in my mind, I'm performing the same exact movements, sounds, words, dance, etc as they are doing even if my body is not participating. I know that kids do this all the time as they watch adults -- because, as their symbolic (neuronal) system is usually not developed enough tto actually let their body move/speak/think in the same way as the person they're observing, they're participating with them in their mind as if the the other person's body were their own. in fact, when I'm fully participating with someone, not only do I experience their emotions and stuff, my mind's body also experiences the same thing that their body experiences (ie, I have a sense of their sensory input as well as my own). I know their body is different than my own, but I'm fully engaged in what they're doing and experince it simultaneously to my own body sensations.

### 2024-11-11 23:55 - rational mind, emotional mind, and wise mind

the other thing that I was prompted to realise today in dbt class was that wisdom is a synthesis of output from both the emotional and the rational mind.
in the mindfulness module, following the "what" skills (observe, describe, participate), there's the "how" skills (non-judgementally, one-mindfully, effectively). similar to the "what" skills, they also correspond to the different minds: when observing I'm in the emotional mind, where I receive sensory input (touch, sound, taste, etc) and convert that input into emotional data. then, when I'm describing mode, I'm in the rational mind, where I'm converting something emotional/conceptual into something rational/symbolic (ie, a thought, movement, voice, expression). then, the particpate mode is a sythesis of the two minds, where I'm engaged emotionally in what I'm participating in, and also performing action.
	unfortunately "describe" may not be the best word -- I'd use "output" instead, because the rational mind is turning the emotional/conceptual input that it gets into some kind of output, whereas the emotional mind is converting sensory input (doesn't matter if it's the imagination, or something seen, felt, heard, etc). inotherwords, the rational mind prepares the inner conceptual/emotional data to be presented to the outer world, whereas the emotional mind takes in sensory data (coming from internal thoughts or the imagination) and converting them into emotional/conceptual data to be used in the internal world. inotherwords, the emotional mind outputs to the internal world and the rational mind outputs to the external world (though technically others aren't supposed to hear my thoughts, they produce signals which can be received by others on the outside world). therfore, I posit that it makes more sense to say that "participate" is the synthesis of "output" and "observe".
the "how" skills are also quite similar as well, where "non-judgementally" corresponds to the emotional mind (ie, I'm just observing without making any judgements), then "effectively" correponds to the rational mind, because I have to process, focus, and make assessments -- and no two people will ever evaluate the effectiveess of something in the same exactly the same way either because everyone's neuronal structure is slightly different. additionally, similar to how judgement varies with emotional state, effectiveness evaluations also vary with emotional state as well (ie, when angry, I may think that raising my voice is a more effective way to get my point across). finally, "one-mindfully" corresponds to the wise mind, where (like participation) I'm fully engaged in my reality operation, both emotionally and rationally; I'm fully engaged, not divided between my emotional/inner world and my rational/exterior world.

###	2024-11-15 23:36 - dialectic balance training

today, we had a dbt skills class at friendly harbor, and jeremiah wanted us to talk about "willingness vs willfulness", and another one which I hadn't heard of, but essentially it's taking the other person's perspective into consideration. in short, it was the idea of being open-minded to other ideas, instead of forcing our opinion on another. oh, that's righ -- the last one was to contemplate on "stigmas". quickly, I noticed the dialetcic between willingness vs willfulness, because wfillfulness, we force/project our opinion out into the target (ie another person or the label that the stigma targets), meanwhile willingness is a receptive or open state of mind, where we are open to something new, not quickly judging it -- and anyway, it came to a lull in the conversation, and jeremiah opened it up for others to talk about the subject. noticing that willfulness is push and willingness is pull, I wanted to illustrate the dialectic -- so I started out by saying that dbt stands for "dialectic balance training" -- which is wrong, and so many were quite quick to point that out to me. slightly embarrassed, and obviously not knowing what I was talking about, I lost my chance to illustrate the dialectic.
anyway, thinking about it further since then, I noticed that emotional and rational minds are at either end of the dialectic just like willingness and willfulness. however, the sythesis of emotional and rational thinking is wisdom -- well, then there must be the same thing for willingness and willfulness too -- so I thought about it a moment. you see, parallel to this, I've been trying to figure out [a visualisation exercise](/visualisation-discussion.md) -- which is a notably willfull activity. however, it's considered by a lot of people to be something that's positive. the same is true for "positive thinking" as well, as I'm exerting my positively willful position on the situation. that kind of reality processing is what happens all the time in the rational mind. it's not the non-judgemental perspective that the emotional mind takes when it just allows reality in, making no judgement about it.
therefore, I posit that willfulness is actually a good thing, *if it's something wanted/positive/desirable*, or if it's **effective**. I emphasise effective, because "effective", is itself a partially willful operation. what I mean is: if I want to judge the effectiveness of something, yet refuse to collect any data at all, I'm making a completely blind judgement. that judgement is an ideology that I'm repeating, or something that I've been trained to believe (by myself or others, doesn't matter). it's a trained responce to the input concept, and not necessarily the data itself. when I recognise the concept or idea, I *automatically* respond with the neurons that have vibrational similarity to that concept. that method of reacting to something is precisely the same way that trauma works -- where upon recognising emotions or concepts, I automatically react in a way which I think I can fight or flight the trauma. so, for "effective" to actually be effective, I must also be *receptive* to input data that doesn't necessarily align with my pre-judgement or *stigma* that has been given to a specific concept.
inotherwords, to actually be "effective", complete willingness (to accept something without any rational analysis) isn't going to be effective -- unless the person that is offering something that completely aligns with my self identity, which is unlikely -- and neither is complete willfulness either, because then no matter what anyone else has to offer, I'm projecting out my anxiety, fears, pre-judgment, etc out there, without giving anyone an opportunity to present data to me that may challenge my perspective.
therefore, I posit that in order be effective, I must both be willful and willing. I want to show up with positive expectations and thinking (willful), and then -- as I'm going along, be able to receive the reactions from those around, and adjust accordingly (willing to: radically accept them wherever they are, not judging them, and not needing them to be different). I think a balance of the dialectics (going to neither extreme, but using a synthesis of both) produces a wise mind and an effective strategy to participate with others in meaningful relationships.

### 2024-11-20 18:22 - effective (part one)

I want to write out my thoughts so far on effective, because I know there's more to it than just this -- however, often times I have to write out what I know so that the concept can evolve. the course that I'm taking on dbt doesn't really say exactly what "effective" is -- and that's probably a good thing, because I think that everyone (at different times/moods) will have a different opinion of what's effective. by nature, I noticed that different people have different ways of looking at what's effective. some people will consider a more creative/abstract/generalised output as being more effective (so as to not be too specific and isolate/alienate those things/people that don't fit the output). others find that being effective is to be really specific with lots of definitions and concrete examples. others still don't measure their own output so much, but gauge their effectivity based on the way the receiver responds (ie, "they nodded their head and smiled when I made jokes"). some still don't even pay attention to the symbolic appearance of effective results, and just go based on how they feel (ie, "I didn't feel they understood me", or "I felt a strong connection with them"). so, to kinda summarise that, some people judge effectivity based on something felt/symbolic both internally and/or externally. different people judge effectivity different ways in different situations and differently with different people.
effectivity can be divided into two parts as well: 1. the metric or goal used to measure, and 2. the input data that's collected. that input data can either be symbolic (ie, words, thoughts, actions, appearance), coming from the logical mind,-- or, it can come from emotional/conceptual data coming from my own internal emotions/concepts -- or from concepts/emotions coming from the outside. no matter where it comes from originally, the logical/rational mind is responsible for coming to the conclusion of effectivity. that conclusion can come from symbolic analysis (ie, neuronal activity, thinking/talking about it) or it can come to the conlclusion simply by translating a feeling/concept that the person is left with into something symbolic (words, thoughts, body tension, etc). it's impossible to know exactly what happens in the process of converting concept/emotion/feeling/protons into something symbolic, but I suspect that the vibrations of the concepts (ie, their relativity/resonance) organise into resonance patterns, and those patterns produce vibrations which activate certain/resonant neurons in the brain. those resonance patterns are highly succeptible to the mood/vibration of the person, and so therefore mood can dramatically influence any form of judgement/output/translation of that resonance pattern of the concepts involved into symbolic output.
so, to see the big-picture on this, we have a continual back and fourth action between the emotional mind and the rational mind, and that back and fourth action would continue on infinitely, but the "effective" part of the brain is there to trigger or alarm and break the cycle. by default, we don't have any consciously trained neuronal interrupts, which fire when a ineffective resonance pattern is felt/noticed. I've noticed that when something is judged as ineffective, we fall into the default observed/participated patterns that we learned from our influencers. so, for example, if mom and dad, upon noticing that communication is ineffective will raise/lower their voice, it's more likely that I, having observed (at a later age) or participated (at a young age) in their strategy for increasing effectivity (raising/lowering voice), that's what I'll do by default. it's not until the person becomes conscious and begins to create logical triggers or alarms in the mind (ie, neurons that fire under certain emotional/conceptual vibrations) that the default behaviour is interrupted, allowing the logical minsd to jump in and try to rationally figure out a more effective way of communicating. usually we react the way we've seen/observed other people react, or how we've been trained to react (ie, "don't question authority", or "keep your mouth shut and sit sit there" (when parent feels strongly of upset/angry)).
the effective interrupt can be thought of as a transition from one form of communication to another, where a decision/reaction is made to branch off into a new expression/output from the logical mind. [side note, btw: every time an effective interrupt is reached, we branch off in time -- where the new timeline decided upon will be about as effective as the feeling/concept of the analysis feela (ie, "this is going nowhere", usually leads to more going nowhere)].
so, to see the whole thing in action (in full symbolic processing m6de), the effective analysis has a metric. unless the logical mind is symbolically analysing the communication, the metric is a *concept* -- which means it has a feeling associated with it. the two intputs to the effective function come from both the rational and emotional minds + the third input which is the thing/person that we're in relation to. I like to visualise this as a triangle, where the two base inputs are my rational and emotional minds (ie, my two hemispheres) -- and then the third thing is the thing I'm measuring it's effectivity -- and that's a point that's somewhere away from the base lines (ie, if it's a person, then the point is a few feet out in front of me -- and if it's my own conclusions/decisions, then the point is somewhere behind my forehead). the sides of the triangle (not the base) are can be either input, output, or both. inotherwords, if my rational mind (let's say that's the LH) is relating to another person -- and I'm listening to them, then there's input -- but if my rational mind (LH point) is analysing their appearance or something (describe), then there's output. usually there's some combination of both. now, if my emotional mind is feeling the other person (observe), I visualise that as an input to the RH point. when I'm judging them, that judgement is a feeling, and that feeling has all sorts of concepts that I'm projecting outwardly on top of the person. those emotional/conceptual outputs/judgements literally change the appearance, shape, and feel of the person/thing I'm judging. something/someone may appear to me far more appealing to me depending on my perception that I'm projecting out on to them. the combination of all of these inputs/outputs obviously has an interaction, and that creates a resonance pattern which *feels* a certain way -- and that feeling will either attract new/other concepts of similar vibration (when the resonance pattern feels good/effective) and I'll be able to expand and communicate even more effectively (or seemingly so). however, when the resonance pattern of the interaction of those inputs/outputs goes  into my effective function produces a dissonant feeling, I *feel* more ineffective, and concepts that I can normally think of and access, or somehow inaccessible.
	for example, many times I've gotten into a fight with someone, and something I wanted to tell them when I get triggered by them seems to vanish and I can't remember any of the stuff that I'd thought of beforehand to tell them. those thought are inaccessible, because of how ineffective I feel in communicating with them. the dissonace that their conceptual/emotional output combined with their symbolic output (words, body language, etc) produces a very dissonant resonant pattern where my logical mind simply cannot access the concepts that I'd prepared -- because they're at such a different frequency and so because of the dissonance I feel, the neurons that were able to translate the concept into output in one mood, cannot "find" the concept, because the concept is at a very different frequency than my mood (ie, the dissonance that I feel from their output interacting with my concepts/judgements relative to them).

### 2024-12-02 19:58 - emotions and opposite action

today in class we started to get into the emotion regulation module, and I have som5 severe difficulties with it, because first of all, we were supposed to go through the "myths about emotions" (worksheet 3, handout 4a) (see next entry for my responses and comments on that one), and a lot of the "myths" I think are actually partially or totally true. in msc (which is my technique to *improving* my emotions, not just regulating them), I take the complete opposite solution to "opposite action".
the way that dbt teaches is that when there's an emotion such as envy or whatever that pops up, the way to regulate that emotion is to apply opposite action,-- so for example in the previous section (handout 6, pp 3), after talking about (internal and external) triggers for envy, it then talks about "biological changes and experiences of envy" (which is what I would think about as being the thing (because it's what I experience) that I should find a way of turning into an opposite) as things for example, "feeling pleasure when others experience failure or lose what they have" and "feeling unhappy when another person experiences good luck" -- which (IMO) the turning the opposite of my experience into action would be something like "feeling pleasure when someone else experiences success and/or gets something I want to have" or "feeling happy for another person when a person experiences good luck". it also talks about "expressions and actions of envy" as things like "doing everything that you can do to get what the other person has", or "doing something to make the other person fail or lose what he/she has" -- so opposite action of those things would be something like "instead of trying your hardest to get the thing the other person has, find a way that I can believe that I can also have the same thing" -- or "doing something which will help/aid someone else in getting something that I want to have" -- however the suggestion (handout 11, pp 4) for opposite action for envy, they list only two opposite actions for envy: 1. "inhibit destroying what the other person has" and 2."count your blessings. make a list of the things you're thankful for". IMO, those two opposite actions are pretty ineffective because they do little to actually make a change to the emotion experienced. the first is just a recommendation not to convert negative emotion into action. the second is about doing the impossible: in a moment of envy (that is, things I *don't have*, which someone else does have), it's pretty difficult to suddenly make the enormous jump all the way to thankfulness and gratitude (of what I *do have*). there has to be a way to change the way I *experience* that emotion, not just the way I respond to it.
my technique in msc is quite the opposite: instead of taking opposite *action* (output), I show that through a change in focus, a person can become *receptive* to opposite *emotion* coming to me (which, since every action received produces an emotional responce, I'm not trying to affect others' action/behaviour, and instead only changing what I can change (my perception of the action)). so for example, in the case of envy, the whole thing hinges around a *comparison* between what I have (physical, social, or status) in relation to what someone else has. I perceive that if I could have what they have, then I'll feel better about myself. so for example, if I feel like I'm not in the "in-crowd" and I envy those that are (or someone else who's popular/famous), then in order to start feeling the way the other person (that I envy) does, I need to become *receptive* to the way that others treat them. I should then start noticing all of the opposite action things that happen to me, like when someone recognises me, thinks I have a good idea, wants to do what I want to do, and includes me in some social event. by recognisng opposite action in others, it allows me to begin *receiving* the thing that I want.
being receptive of opposite action also works in the negative/mirror sense as well: let's say that I'm a pretty angry person and I lash out at a lot of other people -- as I notice when others are acting out in anger, it can prompt me to realize that's what I look like too. in the case where I'm only trying to affect *my behaviour/action*, I'm only changing how I *output*, which is only half of the equation. if I'm going to be willing to allow others to display their anger (and not be judgemental about it), that's a big step -- because when I watch someone else angry and I judge them, I'm effectively judging myself when I have that same emotion. the way I condemn them, I also condemn myself. therefore, since the way I feel about and judge others' emotions is the same way that I feel about and am judging myself, I should realise that the way that I react (opposite action) to them, is effectively the same way that I want others to react (opposite action) to me in the same emotional state.

### 2024-12-02 20:50 - what about neutral emotions?

the other major contention (though as you'll see, because the method is different, it may not be a bad thing) that I have with the emotion regulation module of dbt, is that it only focuses on really extreme emotions. I suppose that's to be expected because it's a course in *dialectics*, and so to only focus on the extremes feels kinda natural. if I feel one really extreme emotion, (let's say as a reaction to something that's been done to me), then the idea in dbt is to eliminite all of those emotions that aren't factual before cOnverting that emotion into action (presumably to affect change). that's a valid way of going about it, and it'll produce quite an intense world. I realise now after having given a lot of thought to the dbt method, is that it's not interested in actually changing/transforming the emotion into something that's wanted, but to instead just find a way of not making the experience of that emotion something that's completely debilitating to society. dbt isn't really interested in improving of the experience -- instead just finding ways to logically or methodically reroute those emotions into something that's not destructive. that's the "saturnian" way -- where there problems that exist are not attempted to be solved (as the solution happens instead as a product of conflict over time) -- and it's also the way that the earth works -- so I'm totally cool with it.
	actually, on that thought, I've really started to notice the saturnian way of doing things extends to everything from science and technology all the way to emotions. just as an asside, it's kinda funny to me that the saturnian system (that is, the symbolic/astral system where there's an astral dimension), is kinda like the complex plane in mathematics. euler's solution to the log of sqrt(-1) has infinite solutions, where all solutions work out to be a fraction of 2pi -- (so basically a sine wave). so while on one way of looking at the complex plane (ie the extra u-dimension), it will always resolve to a point on the unit circle, it's also a plane, where an extra dimension exists. essentially, through constantly doing the same thing over and over again (infinite cycles on the circle), progress is made on the plane. I'm learning to love that extra dimension, even though I'm not a part of it at all, because that's essentially what creates time (hence the same saturnian/kronos) way of doing things. though some may get to the "right" answer (perhaps like me and msc), they aren't going to be recognised, as it's not the "rigorous" way of going about it. so, for example, in dbt (which is saturnian), the way that the student is taught is to first go about checking all of the facts for their emotion -- to see how valid/justified that emotion is.
	however, that's the funny thing about emotions, is that the fact that you feel it means that it *is justified* in some way -- obviously with some ways being more justified/factual than other ways. facts really just are something that everyone agrees upon (sorta like the scientific method), which means that for dbt, the facts which tell whether an emotion is justified to be experienced, will go only at the rate which group consensus goes. so for example, we can all agree that destroying another human is "not good" (cause murder causes severe disruption to society) -- so therefore we can all agree that those kinds of emotions are "bad" and should be changed in some way -- yet for example, when it comes to envy, seemingly it's OK to have the experience that I take pleasure in watching someone else fail or have bad fortune -- because that kind of emotion hasn't been found to be debilitating to society yet. I postulate that sometime in the future, when attraction speed has increased to a high enough of a level, having an emotional responce like that will cause all kinds of problems.
		cause, for example, for me -- if I were to take pleasure in watching someone else have something bad happen to them, it's not too long when I attract the same judgement upon myself -- so just to be safe, I prefer to only be happy for other people, no matter what it is. additionally, I don't like to compare myself to others (in a way which makes me feel elevated/superior/etc), because as soon as I do that, I then attract for myself a "test" where I'm actually compared to the other thing (ie, I say I'm better/greater than another person at programming, and it's not too long before I get a programming difficulty that makes me feel worse/less than at programing). therfore, I tend to compare myself never to make myself feel greater/less than someone else -- because it really messes things up. I really only want to compete/compare with myself, which is why I only focus on self-comparisons (improvements) over previous versions of myself. if I feel confident in my capacity, then I'll state my capacity (sometimes with a comparison -- and that comparsion isn't to make me feel suprior to the other, just as a recognition in my own confidence to be able to perform the capability) -- so for example, I'm to the point now where I don't really feel there are too many situations left over where I'll need conditions and circumstances to be a different way in order to feel good.
			at this point, I'm fully convinced that I'll get absolutely the worst manifestation possible (ie, no symbolic/comparative way to say I have something better than someone else) -- which means that I'll be completely defeated, unable to have gotten anything that I wanted or desired (neither recognition, fame, or any working creation that is similar to my form of perception). I'll leave nothing left, and I'll pass completely on to something that's pure energy. I won't in any way get any physical manifestation as a reward for my efforts. the reason why I can state emphatically that's my future, is because I know that a manifestation in this physical reality isn't the thing that I'm actually looking for. lots of people will get all kinds of manifestations of things and relationships that they think they want/need in order to feel good about theirself -- and I'll be really happy for someone if they can find a manifestation that will be able to fill in all of the gaps in their emotional being, making them feel *entirely good*. I know that to be impossible, because no person/thing/relationship can ever make a person feel *entirely good* -- because no thhing/person can be entirely responsible for the way the other person processes their reality and experiences their emotions. nobody/nothing can make another person feel some way forever. it's only the individual that's capable of experiencing/attracting the reality that they want to experience (which causes them to feel the way that they want to feel). there's no way to build a system that will entirely and completely satisfy a person (let alone everyone) -- and all of those symbolic (2nd-ray) systems are doomed to eventually fail too, because it's impossible to create a system of rules which is always perfect for every moment in the past, present, and future. those symbolic systems which are a creation of something perceived to be desired (ie, tuenti/raquel/andrea was for me) all eventully have a limitation, and will eventually crash and burn; they are the phoenix -- and they'll always rise back and return infinitely to try again, until it's realised that the goal is an impossiblity. the progress of the continual rise, crash and burn, then retry produces a cycle, and that cycle does work, which creates "time"/kronos. 
because I'm going at such a speed now that I can't afford to try and steer by pushing against or going to the opposite dialectic (cause that will only increase my speed further), I have to instead find a way of *slowing down* the emotions that I experience, so that I'm not continually accelerating. if I feel some kind of negative emotion, that means that I'm not going in the direction of least resistance, and so therefore that means that an adjustment to my trajectory needs to be made. if I try to make that adjustment using something like steering wheels, rocket propellant, or any of those other methods of pushing against a medium, I severely run the risk of damaging myself (by applying too much torque) as I try and adjust the curve/trajectory, so instead I have to use a resistance-free (ie, not pushing against anything) technique, which is one of attraction. the way that I feel is creating for me the timelines that I can experience which will amplify the way that I feel -- and so if I just find a way to feel good (or *not bad*) about my circumstances, I don't apply any extra torque. however, if I try and *believe* something or to do an opposite action to someone, that's recipe for disaster for me (and others around me), because let's say that someone does something like ignores me (cause they don't want to interact with me) -- and so (for whatever reason) I decide that their ignoring me made me feel bad, so I'm going to do opposite action, and so now I'm trying my best not to ignore the person that's igoring me, -- there's a reason why they're ignoring me, and my getting up in their grill trying to include them in stuff is *exactly the opposite of what they want* -- so by doing opposite action to fix my feeling of being ignored/neglected, I've instead made the problem far worse, because now the other person went (for example) finding me annoying, to now downright hating me. I've introduced unnecessary conflict by trying to *do*. it's not the same as tit-for-tat (eye for an eye) form of perecption, but it's pretty close, because I can't affect how the other person will judge my opposite action.
so, instead of trying to switch to the opposite, I have to *reduce* the intensity of the emotion so I can pivot it into something that feels better (effectively the same as letting off the gas or lightly pressing the brake before going into a turn, instead of hitting the gas). I need to find a way to adjust my trajectory (pivot) to a new direction in a way that causes the least destruction possible. [brb - 22:39] to reduce the intensity of the emotion, I have to find a way to *generalise* the emotion, thereby reducing the number of *details* that the emotion has associated with it. as an example, instead of getting upset/angry that someone didn't do what I told them to do (with the detail in the emotion that the last few times they were also incapable of carrying out the instruction) I can generalise it to "perhaps they have a psycological or emotional impedance that is causing them to mistake the instsructions" (which, after fact checking that, let's say they do have some sort of inability -- so I let them off of the hook) -- or I can go even more general and say, "they're trying their best" (and let's say that also passes the fact checker too -- so again I let them off of the hook). however it works out, I'm trying to turn my anger into something like fustration or annoyance instead (ie, "it's annoying that they can't follow instructions" instead of "they *should* do what I say, or else...").
however, even though that method works for me -- after having talked it out a bit, I'm starting to be inclined to believe that trying to lessen the intensity of the emotion isn't what's desired. it's quite possible for dbt and the saturnian way to never need to ever take their foot off of the accelerator. distraction and switching to the opposite polarity makes for some really good stories, exciting history and drama -- and we all know that's what hollywood (the saturn awards) rewards the most. in a system where there's a constant turnover of new entities, essentially doing the same thing over and over with slightly different results, it really isn't interested in going for the fastest or most efficient way to get there, however it (like nature) wants to explore *all possiblities* before accepting a way, is because in the process of exploring, new things are discovered (for example, if tesla had've got his way and built his world system, the digital age would have never happened (we'd use analog computers), and the discovery of AI would have been an electrical (vibration of protons) effort and not a symbolic/mathematical one). so, (IMO) it's a good thing that so many luminaries who were ahead of their time, never got to get their ideas implemented -- for if they had've, we would have missed another crucial discovery along the way (for example, if fermat's last theorm would have been published, we'd have missed out on various branches of mathematics that are crucial today for the understanding of AI).
 