# apocalipsis-decoding

## 2026-03-31 13:56 - timelines and stuff

so yesterday my dad called me and I had a pretty interesting talk with him where I shared a lot of the cOnclusions that I've come to reading the bible in greek and stuff. I realised this morning that I haven't ever really written about them, so here's my first attempt to put the thoughts into a more structured form. I tried yesterday, but I had to explain so many precursor concepts. here, I'm going to try and explain less and just get the idea out.
the first concept is that I believe that jesus is a real guy. I think he really did accomplish a lot of the stuff that the narrative/synoptic gospels say he did. however, obviously if ralph ellis is right (and I think he is), my perspective is that there are a number of things going on: the book of john is the story of jesus of gamala, but with a bunch of edits and things added to it to make it comport better with the synoptics. I think mark was written first, and probably as a joint work of titus and josephus. I think that acts explains josephus' reasoning: after one of jesus' disiples leaves (I think it was tomas), they decide to draw lots to see if it will be josephus or mathaias. mattias gets chosen (and according to ralph, I think this would be around ~50AD). you see, up until then paul/josephus had been going around to different cities evangelising and saying that jesus is the messiah (we have most of these letters like ephesians and corinthians) -- but then after he doesn't get chosen, there seems to be a crucial event that causes him to switch sides.
	this event I is told in code in acts 1,15,18: paul is promoting that jesus (of gamala) is messiah (18:5), but when the jews resist the idea (18:6), paul shakes his garments off (similar to herod washing his hands clean of jesus' death) and says "that their blood is on their own heads". this is important because paul's reaction to the jews rejecting jesus, as their messiah, he obviously gets angry and tells the jews that they're going to die because they rejected of jesus (of gamala) as the messiah. right afterward (18:7), paul goes to "meet the family of a certain Τιτίου/titus Ἰούστου/*justus* (the just) worshipping One-God of the house adjoining the synagogue" -- which sounds a lot like titus, the son of vespasian (who interestingly enough was an unusually just emperor compared to the other contenders in the year of 4/5 emperors). this surname is especially notable because in the drawing of lots (acts 1:23), joseph is also called "barsabbas" -- and it also says (acts 15:23) "they stood up two: joseph nicknamed barsabbas (who was also called *justus*)" -- so we have a link between titus and joseph both being called "justus" (which I think is just code for "flavius"). [I'm using "One-God" to refer to "ὁ Θεόν" (the/one/only God -- and not just any old god like ares or zeus). this distinction is important because for example in heb 1:9, it has both forms: "]
I believe that at that time, titus and josephus/paul start to work together to construct a narrative that will cause the jews to begin to believe that their temple isn't so invincible afterall. the way they're going to do this is that they're going to take the jesus of gamala character -- who, seemingly has quite a bit of influence -- and I think he was actually a pretty cool guy, very giving, generous and had a world-view pretty compatible with One-God's world-view (ie, the "holy spirit") and he probably said a lot of the things from the "sayings of jesus" text; he was obviously quite influential and people resonated with the things he said. however, since jesus (similar to me) has a strong/powerful belief system (and the also jews, being very good at using their mental/belief capabilities to continue surviving in the face of so many things going wrong). so -- it's my perpsective that titus knew that he had to break both jesus' and the jew's belief (essentially with prophecy) -- so they began collaborating on a number of literary works: first, the book of mark: paul (with titus' help), went off into visionary mode (as receptive men can) and was able to bring back information from the timeline where jesus was successful. those parts became the book of mark -- but most importantly then included the part about jesus telling his disciples that the temple that they're looking at is going to be laid to waste. in addition, the book of revelatoin needs to be composed, which is essentially the [sibylline oracles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sibylline_Oracles) (of which we know that josephus is aware of because he quotes them in AJ 1.118) -- then mixed with a bunch of jewish symbolism, and a triumphant jesus at the end of it all (this makes sense, because if they're going to literaraliy sabotage jesus so that he fails at taking the throne of rome, then they need to balance/delay it with a future triumph). in addition, I think that berenice (sister-wife of agrippa 2) was also involved, so that essentially the symbolism that plays out in the book of revelation has a "believable/truth" aspect to it (from the sibylline oracles) and then mixed in is a whole lot of trumpet blowing, horse riding, bowls of orge being poured out, and a prostitute (berenice) riding the beast (titus) -- so that when he (titus/jesus) has his trumphal entry into jerusalem, that's when symbolically everything gets mixed up.
	what I'm trying to say here is that I noticed that the way that time behaves for earth is that it always has to remain balanced; growth should appear at about the rate of a natural log (the speed of the medium of time) -- and whenever there's something that grows/expands faster, there's always going to be a counter force to it (ie, "satan", the advarsary/opposition) -- so any time that someone wants to make something go too quickly for earth, they are successful in their own perception, but earth (the one that obeys the natural log) will always send in something to ensure that time remains balanced. I can explain this in my own life with my attempts to make tuenti -- I had zaryn/tomasz/erik/rupert/etc come in and derail my efforts to ensure that growth is never too fast. likewise, I claim that in another timeline jesus *was* successful (even though paul derailed it), and also for example, I claim that tychos was also likely successful as well (with kepler coming in to ensure that we get a simplified version of brahe's stuff). same thing with tesla: I claim he was also successful.
		I've thought a lot about this for a while -- and this is going to sound a litle strange, so I'll just talk through the idea, and then I'll explain it better in a future entry. basically, the concept is: the idea of the beginning/first and end/last has always had my attention. for a long time I've always said that I'm "the last" -- but I just figured out how to expain it. the idea is that if we think of the centre of the universe as a sphere, then all things orbiting around it (everything) is essentially "above" it. what I mean by that is, imagine instead this in 2.5d and think of the surface of the universe as an elevator, and it's trying to rise up -- well, it has to propel its own weight up, and let's say that it's going really fast -- but then it also has to push everything that's on top of the elevaator too. so, it's always going to have tto be able to push itself up and also everything that's on it.
			now, an important thing to note is that the way that vibration works, is that when one vibration resonates with another, their waves add together (double amplitude, zero new vibration), and the amplitude is increased -- but when the waves cancel out, the waves don't disappear -- but instead, they have to push back, thereby creating a second wave that is opposite of the first... now, let's say that the two waves perfectly subtract each other (although never possible) -- then it creates an exact opposite phase version of the first wave and the amplitude is reduced to zero (zero amplitude, double the vibration). since the opposite created wave is not tangible (ie, it's a imperceptibly high frequency), then it takes a while for that wave to resonate with other waves and eventually have a lower harmonic with waves that exist in the physical world, perfect resonance doubles the amplitude but nothing new is created -- yet perfect dissonace creates double the amount of everything. another thing to consider when thinking about this, is that everything is spinning (or traveling either toward or away). so if CW rotation is the emissive (+) part of the wave, then the attractive (-)part of the waveform is when it's spinning the opposite direction (or travelin away). therefore, when anything positive/emissive is deleted, then the opposite wave is going to be the opposite/anti polarity, which means it's atractive.
			so, for something as attractive (-) as the universe, everything that's positive (or above it) is pushing down on it, and so all of the positive effort is automatically canceling out some of the unvirse's negative (-) vibration, creating a high frequency emission. inotherwords, the more everything above the unverse pushes against it, the more positively it emits. so, in that senae -- since the universe is obviously the most attractive thing out there, that means that it has literally the emission of everything causing it to emit even more (this is what I mean by "reflective") -- and also because quite literally everything else is "above" it (ie, supporting thier weight) then quite literally, the universe is the slowest moving object out there; everything is going faster than it is -- and it's being held back (or pushed down) by the emission of everything above it -- which is continuing to make it more and more attractive. the process continues infinitely -- so, it is therefore the first (because it's going the fastest) and it's also the last (because it's supporting the weight of everything else).
		now, let's apply this to the jesus story that I was talking about: I claim that somehow (perhaps good genetics, fasting, or some other means) jesus managed to find a way to get near enough (>50%) similarity to the universe in his form of perception -- which made him very very attractive and influential (because of his reflectivity). the problem with that (and I'm talking from experience here) -- is that his attractiveness essentially creates an anti-self or an opposing force "satan" (I claim that's titus). in the same way that my efforts to create a social network and change the world to by to my liking, I created opponents that have the same exact desire as me -- but the thing is, those guys had a lot more resources than I do, and a tremendous amount of influence to be able to push their desire forward in a way that I didn't (and I claim neither did the real jesus or jesus of gamala). so, jesus of gamala essentially attracted his own destruction.
			in reality, it's not exactly an anti-self, because titus wasn't the exact opposite of jesus of gamala -- and I'm not quite sure how exactly it goes -- and I don't have enough capability to explain the concept well enough yet [the concept looks to me actually more like an equilateral triangle -- and it has something to do with the wqy that resonance and spin works -- but it also looks to me also like a squqre too -- so, lemme try and figure this out: if jesus of gamala is +, and titus is also a +, then there's also paul who's obviously +/- (but he seems to change shape), and also the prostitute/earth (-), but then there's also -- so if I put it all together, let's say that what I claim is true which is that there was also a real jesus too -- and he was *a lot* like me -- which means that he's pretty similar to the universe as well, which means  thqt he's emissive, but only as a reflcetion of the things that everyone else is pushing out. what I mean by that is that all the things that everyone believes, he will "fulfill" -- just like I do -- and anyone around him who's emotional in some way, he'll reflect (or transform) that emotion -- just like the universe does. therefore, I guess it's actually 5(?), not 3 or 4. I'm not totally sure -- but certainly, the real jesus was very similar to me in that the events of his life became a reflection of all the emission around him. OK, that didn't really clear it up...]
		what I'm trying to say here is essentially this: jesus of gamala was very attractive -- but at the same time he was also very emissive too (from the writings of paul, it makes it sound like he was a very strong/powerful pusher, and paul quite liked jesus's influence). I would have turned out that way, though I was prevented from using sex (cause my relationship with raquel fell apart so quickly as soon as we got to the madrid house -- and neither could I actually convince her to see things the sam way as me allowing for the amplifying of my energy -- so instead, our interactions created more destructive than constructive interference), and also as soon as I realised that I didn't want to be an emitter like that, I stopped star-watching as well (even though I was only reflecting/transforming) energy received from the stars. the reality is, it appears that in the same way that jesus of gamala came into a world where there was a guy (titus) that is able to stop him with the help of paul, so too did I make my way into this world -- in a place where the control structure that exists is able to prevent me (who/whatever that is, it's my titus) -- and the guy that seems to have setup the control structure seems to be tesla (my paul). jesus of gamala is a very different type of person than I am, because he used money (mary of boethus had a dowery of something like 50kg of gold) and power/effort to get his way. I'm considerably different though, because I think that I too have reached a similar circumstance where my world-view is also >50% resonant with the universe (which means that the "baptism of fire" has started for me and I'll only continue to get more and more attractive). I'm significantly different than jesus of gamala though because I don't intend to get any type of money or power -- and instead have gone the opposite way of becoming like the universe instead.
			I've been having to constantly update my world-view over and over again to support this idea, because I recognize that I must become the last -- the one where upon all things are supported. as an example, at first, I thought that I wanted to do the black-mirror-idea -- but I think as a moon of earth, we would quickly become the farthest object out there (being repelled tremendously by the vibration of the people on earth) and that would have made me actually the "second" (because my emission/attraction is 2nd to only the universe) -- but some tim5 in solange, I realised I didn't want to be 2nd-ray, and instead wanted to be 1st-ray (like the universe) -- which means that I got put into *green* (as in, the middle color of the visual spectrum) *wood* (as in, still/perpetually en obra) *manor* (as in, behavior). I didn't really make the connection way back then, and tried to fight it for a bit -- but that means that I'm the new saturn/satan -- the one in the middle/centre -- the adversary/opposition. so, what that m5ans, is that I've essentially decided that I'm going to be the one that stays on earth (the ones that are "left behind") -- and the rest of the human race will go off to their next garden of eden experience.
				it's actually technically a bit more complicated than that, because I think that there will be quite a few that "exit the construct" (3d) -- and are given their new avatars/bodies. the reason why I say that is because part of the contact that titus made with jesus of gamala when he put down his rebellion was in the writing of the book of revelation -- where jesus is victorious over satan and the beast (me) -- and they go off to their "new jerusalem". which my opinion of this is that presently the current power structure is gaining a lot of knowledge and understanding of the human body -- so let's say that there are not just like one black mirror, but instead a lot (like say 10 (kings not yet received their kingdom)?, 144,000? or more?) -- where a number of the main emitters of our time are able to create their own worlds/realities, in which they have their own setup (however that may be, I don't know, but I think there may be a lot of diversity to the diffrent implementations) and they'll go out and do their own thing on thier own terms. if indeed all of these different gardens/paradises that they'll create are on moons of earth (it's the most logical/obvious thing to do because then they'll have a really good/high energy environment to be in and will be considerably distant from the vibration that they don't like), I believe that given enough time, they'll essentially travel to be so distant from earth (having such a different/dissonant vibration from me), that they'll essentially be in their own universe, having essentially no/negligable interaction with the present earth.
		so essentially, I become the new center of the universe, because I've decided to become like the universe. this is actually really cool, because it's the peak of the next waveform -- but instead of the universe beginning to regain harmony with itself (what would have happened if I or jesus of gamala had've succeded), instead -- the universe is diversify even more. personally, I believe this is happening because in previous iterations of the universe, the entire universe was a symbolic creation (similar to astral) -- and the thing about astral/symbolic creations, is that at the beginning and the end of the cycle, all of creation must have resonance with itself -- but that becomes increasingly more and more difficult, the more things that there are -- so I think that the universe/source has realised that it's a fool's errand to try and get everything to ever vibrate similarly and return to resonance -- especially since there's never ever going to be less than there is now (waves only amplify or create opposite waves) -- so since there's no stopping the constant expansion, why not, instead of trying to get everything to resonate, just accept that wave dissonance is better than resonance (because it makes more, and with more energy and wave diversity, more things are possible (as has been noted on AI platforms lately)). so, then it makes perfect sense for the unvierse (as represented by the "son" (real jesus)) to be defeated -- and to give the emittrs a chance to go out and do things their own way. therefore, it's my objective to ensure that I don't "win" (or get anything more than the necessary to manifest) and to give all the emitters as much of a chance as possible to make their gardens however they like.
	[TODO - this part is very unfinished. I'm actually not sure how to express the idea adequately] it's important to note that symbolically there's a lot of things that are going on in these texts, and it's hard to explain how it all works because (for example) the "kingdom of heaven/uranus" (who, with gaia (aka prostitute of babylon) has the original 12 titans that jupiter/zedek/marduk overthrows and reigns supreme) -- and so in one timeline, this is a literal kingdom in the sky (most likely still future) -- but in that day, jesus of gamala comes out of a place called [edessa](https://www.iranicaonline.org/articles/edessa) which is in the [osroene](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osroene) kingdom -- and I forget how raph ellis links it to "urania" [TODO] -- so in essence, if the edessan king jesus gets into power, it's the "kingdom of heaven". [man, this concept is hard to explain -- but essentially, one thing in a timeline can be relaced with another, so long as it's *symbolically equivalent* and could be confused with meaning in some way]. anyway, what I'm trying to say here is that essentially, the reason why we're on the timeline of jesus of gamala and not on the tim5line of the narrative jesus, is essentially -- and this is my own interpretation of the idea -- because (of the things I said above), about making it possible for the emitters to make their own gardens and also because for a lot of people, I believe that the jesus of gamala timeline made it possible for us to get to where we are now. essentially, what I'm saying is that when titus/josephus made the revelation pamphlet and distributed it, the fact that it resonanted with a lot of people and has survived all this time is because, jesus of gamala became the saviour to a lot of people -- and people's belief in that prophecy brings us to the present moment in time. [TODO - finish the concept -- but I need to lay out a few more ideas first to be able to fully explain what I mean here]
	so, for example, in the book of revelation, there's a whole lot of sexual imagery which can be taken as someone saying something out of their mouth or someone saying/influencing something from the tip of their sexual organ (στόματος). additionally, there's the conflation of the "world" (οἰκουμένης -- as in, "kings of the world") and the earth/soil (γῆν - as in, "kings of the earth/soil") -- and this is especially notable because the bowls are bowls of wrath (real wrath/fury θυμοῦ -- not hot (sexual) passion ὀργῆς) -- because it is commanded to the angels to pour out the bowls of One-God (ie, the universe) fury into the earth/soil -- and then they do so, pouring them into the earth/soil, the rivers (can also be interpretted as male expulsion), the sea (can be conflated with vagina), on the sun (literal sun in the sky), the throne (can be interpretted as the instrument of power that someone sitting/καθημένης on, like the "decision of the great prostitute, the sitting on the waters/expulsion of the many with whom she would be commiting sexual/lustful acts; the kings of the earth/soil -- and which those residing/inside/inhabiting the earth/soil would be made intoxicated by the wine of her promiscuity" -- inotherwords, the throne is what you reside on) of the beast, the euphrates river (drying up the astral influence of all of the structures in the fortile crescent area?) essentially "preparing a [different] path for the coming kings of the sun" (remember ralph shows that the jews that jesus of gamala comes from (from egypt) venerate helios, and I believe that jesus of gamala was considered helios incarnate) -- which is directly stating that by the sixth bowl the kings of the sun (the gamala troupe) are being redirected so that a new power structure can form -- and it's funny that between the 6th and 7th bowls, out of the mouth of the beast comes 3 frog spirits (which are associated with comedy; there's a famous poem called "[frogs and mice battle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batrachomyomachia)" -- and the mice have names like "bread-eater", "savory-steam-hunter", "dish-licker", "bacon-licker", "cheese-scaper", "cake-eater", etc -- whereas the frogs have names like "the muddy", "the noisy", "the pouter", "hoarse-croaker", "of or belonging to mud", etc -- and in another play "[frogs](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Aristophanes:_The_Eleven_Comedies/Frogs)" dionysus complains to the frogs that his bottom is sore, he has blisters, and his behind is all sweaty -- so obviously something homosexual and comedic -- and before I even looked up greek plays/poems with frogs in them, I the frogs reminded me of shakespere -- which makes sense, if there's a new path being prepared -- I think that just like paul did for the emitters (sun kings) with christianity, I think shakespere did a similar thing for them with his comedies/tragedies, allowing the sun kings to move over to hollywood/theatre) "which produce signs/marks which discharge to the kings of the whole world to gather them into the battle/sex of the great One-God". (before the final battle of armageddon). then  finally on the air. so, as an example -- at the end of all of the bowls there's a tremendous shaking and a lot of wind on the earth (like has never been before) and the city of bablylon is split into three parts, "babylon would be brought to mind before One-God to give her the cup of the wine of the fury/wrath (θυμοῦ) of the hot passion (ὀργῆς) of him/One-God". not only is that a good distinction between wrath and passion, but it's also saying that babylon (represented by the prostitute and all the soil kings that fornicate with her) is given the cup (receptive organ) of the fury/wrath manifest in hot passion (rev 16:19).  my opinion,  additionally, there's a and reading the double meaning of what is said --
titus paints himself  
