# asexual-thounghts

### 2024-12-30 21:32 - the reason why I can't have sex

I've found that this question has come up relatively frequently. I'd like to try and explain it in a conceptual way -- with me writing it instead of telling it to someone.
like feeling the way that I do when I'm talking/interacting with someone. with some people, I really "click with" and they make me feel really good when talking/interacting with them. I find the feeling to be quite nice -- and also it allows me to have a completely different relationship with other people. I can't say how others feel physically about me; when I feel physical attraction to another person, I absolutely hate it. I can't think my own thoughts because I keep looking at their body. I can't think about anyone or anything other than them. they completely consume my reality. attractive people are terribly distracting to me, and I really want to find a way to be able to feel myself again, and not them. it's not that I dislike how they feel -- juzt they feel so good, there's no way I can keep my thoughts on anything other than how they feel to me. therefore, because I like the way that I feel so much, I really try and limit how much I'm around attractive people, and/or find a way to make them no longer attractive to me.
	a person becomes no longer attractive to me (neutral, not unattractive), is that I acquire/assimilate their concepts, and being able to myself emit the same concepts that they do (that is, pair my attractive concept of what's attractive about them with an emissive concepts like theirs, but perhaps slightly different) -- and as I gain more and more emissive concepts to satisfy my on attractive concepts, I gain the other person's capabilities. theorerically, it's "impossible" to have an emissive concept for every single attractive concpt's frequency, cause there are just so many attractive things -- and some of them at nearly perfectly continuous spectrum -- so it's pretty difficult to be able to do that, unless you think you're the universe or something (all humans are, whether they know it or not) -- so, because we want to satify and experince *all* of our attraction, every single person is looking to build their own unique concept of "all that is" (all receptive concepts). it's a lengthy process, and there are many deaths along the way, but everyone makes it in the end (of this universe).
so as I go gaining another attractive person's concepts, I start to become like they are, making them no longer attractive to m5 (and finally, I can think m/ own thoughts again). that capability makes me a very broad spectrum emitter -- so much so that many find that I can look anyone/anything I perceive myself as. most people limit their emissive capabilities to a very limited spectrum, and so therefore are not as versatile as others in their reactions and appearance. in fact, the more of others' concepts that I pick up, the more capability I gain as a person. from wherever I am, I continue on to Infinity.
	in fact, it is my personal perception that asexuality is actually the final stage of "evolution" that somesone goes through (for the first half of creation). at first it starts with becoming eternal -- having your concepts/soul held by an everlasting entity (like a star), meaning that as long as the everlasting entity stays alive (forever), the soul will continue to exist as well. we're all eternal beings, whether we believe it or not. each incarnation of the "soul" (the collection of attractive concepts that a person has), we go around in life perceiving things conceptually and so therefore begin to attract it more and more. the more attractive concepts we get, the more like a star we become (the core part of it). once enough of those concepts are in place, in order to go off to Infinity (the final stage of life, where your body become a reflection of your concept of yourself), the person will continue to maintain the same form of perception meanwhilst continually gaining more and more attractive concepts. the attractive concepts continue to accumulate the attraction of wanted and unwanted -- and the attraction of unwanted will eventually make the body no longer liveable, meaning they'll start over with their core concepts in the next body.
		in order for a person to keep up with the pace with all of growth of their concnptual perception, there's a size constraint, so the person *must* make those concepts and make them more general (ie, higher frequency), and not so specific. when there's a whole lot of specific concepts that a person is attracting, it's my personal belief (cause I had one) that those concepts continue to accumulate into something so attractive that it needs lots of blood vesssls, more and more sustinance from the body (which is why conceptual clutter is exhausting), and those blood vessel requirements eventaully grow into a weird shape (mine looked like a mushroom) so that the vessel eventually has enough pressure put on it that it breaks (that's what happened to me anyway).
	so, when finally a person actually starts to "go infinite", they essentially have figured out how to outpace their own attraction -- and so a general enough (high enough frequency) concept of reality will allow a person to be able to absorb a very wide frequency of concepts, using very little space (cause high frequency means densely packed and small). until it happens that they have 1st-ray perception, sex is just not very possible, because sex is a constant trasnformation of concepts -- which means that every single time a person has sex, they jump timelines: from the timeline/trajectory they were on, to a new one that's somwhere between theirs and their partner's. constantly having one's concepts changing like that, means that they're constantly in flux. it's not impossible for a conceptual system that's constantly in flux to become attractive to "all that is" -- because it's usually the case that each iteraction alters their trajectory some. the one with the most conecepts attractive to "all that is" is going to inevitably be pulled back to less than before because their partner is going to inevitably be loss attractive to "all that is" [right? -- yes, that is correct, what I just wrote, but as I'm looking at it again, I don't think that there's ever any subtraction of one's concepts to another -- only addition] -- so while it's a great idea to become attractive to a whole bunch of new ideas by having sex, it certainly lengthens the process quite a bit. [I don't really know how to describe this concept] until the spectrum of concepts that the average person has rises to be a pretty continuous spectrum, sex is usually a pretty bad idea. anyone (like me) who wants to get to a 1st-ray perspective (where all attractive concepts are high frequency), they have to just let attraction work its way out -- cause taking on someone else's symbolic system means that there's a complete redirection/passage to a different timeline -- it just means taking it the long way (a non-straight/root-3 path through the time cube). it's easier just to let LOA do all of the work and let attraction just work its way out. I don't want to take on someone else's symbolic system until I've created one of my own that's attractive to everything that I have/can experience.
[22:31] the other reason why I find asexuality to be quite nice is that the relationship that I have with other people no longer needs to be about sex. sex comes along with it, a whole host of symbolic systems involving control/ownership/possession/etc and those usually make conversation difficult after sex, because the symbolic system of how we expect this new defined role (wife/gf/fuck-buddy/etc) to be strongly limits the other person to those qualities, and also the relationship to include only things that fit into that role's capabilities (my definition, not society's). I really like having relationships with other people where there's no symbolic expectations put on m5, other than the other person's own beliefs about me. by not having that sexual/symbolic relationship (because the body emits very strongly in subatomic/symbolic frequencies during sex), I allow the person to be any way they want to be as well (within the limits of what I'm able to believe). that allows for a very "pure" relationship with others -- and to be quite honest, that's what makes life so much fun. I hate being a role for someone (my/their/society's definiiton, doesn't matter) -- and the easiest way to not do that (for myself, not them), is to go about removing my symbolic input and output as fast as I can; sex is a step backward there. I like the pure relationships. I also like that any attraction that a person feels from me is *attraction to theirself* -- and their interaction with m5 will cause them to conceptually love theirself more (even if it means attracting the necessary events to make it so) -- cause they attract that feeling by feeling it.
I cause others' lives to go into shambles by increasing their attraction to the concepts that they find attractive/repulsiv in me. it's really not a good idea to hang around me too much, unless you want to learn to like yourself... so because I like people who also like theirselves, that's what I attract -- which means I encOunter a whole lot of others that either like theirselves, or are interested in it (the others that hate theirselves, I don't really feel much from them, so it doesn't matter so much to me what they feel like; I just absorb it for what it is, and causes me (if I have any resonance with their self-dislike) to attract something into my life that causes the same self-dislike as them). it makes for really interesting interactions -- and seeing things interact more conceptually like that (the purer form) instead of the symbolic interactions, is really nice.

### the technical reason why I can't have sex
