# blahblog

### 2024-08-15 17:54 - try writing from the library

I've been a number of days now without writing -- and it's weird. I was thinking about it yesterday, and it really feels to me like I've gone full 2nd-ray at this point. I pay a lot of attention to how others are reacting to me, and even trying to adjust my behaviour to try and please others more; it's really weird. so my thinking is that when I write here, I'm much more 1st-ray, because I'm remaining open and stuff about what's happening in my head -- whereas now that I'm not writing as much, less people know what's going on in my head, which means that now I have more barrier between me and others again. I really don't like that barrier, and feel so much better when others can know what I'm thinking and doing.
in other news, I have no idea what in the world is going on with my situation either. the oakshire thing fell through for reasons not entirely clear, and now they want a certification that I'm not something ("at-risk patient"?) -- so after spending a few days out in the field (and getting flooded out of the drainage tunnel I was sleeping in, I've decided to engage myself into the system again -- so I'm sleeping at the homeless shelter now, applied to many jobs, rebuilt my resume, have a psychologist, and a bunch of other stuff. long story short, I'm now  interacting with a whole bunch of other people (which also contributes to me feeling so much more 2nd-ray as well) --
    even though I'm doing a whole lot more thinking about other people now, I'm doing my best not to start tipping into the "pay more attention to others than myself" 2nd-ray perspective. also, a number of situations where I've reflected the annoyance of another person at the shelter have also strongly made me want to not be so directly reflective anymore. I set a goal with my therapist (naomi) today to, in 180 days, figure out how to absorb everything and instead of reacting in the moment, try to either delay it (avoid responding) or to find a way to transform their feeling/energy into something a bit higher frequency. I've already made huge progress on the "goal" before I even saw naomi -- so not only do I think that goal is potentially achievable this month, but by the time 180d have passed,I should be insanely good at it already.
I don't really find the system intolerable at all -- however I'm really cautious not to try and start revolving my thoughts and actions too much around other people -- just cause I'm around them more. I'm also trying to figure out how to continue to do the only-attraction thing as well -- though I do want to mention that the system (or some other artificial barrier) seems to be making a whole lot of things more difficult to come to me. also, the same thing is happening when I meet people and we do really great and stuff, but then by the next day, the person has been turned into a retard (I probably shouldn't use that word, but whatever) -- like for example there was this woman that I met on the first night in the shelter. I showed her pictures of the field  and tried to tell her my theories about what those pictures are displaying (like the burn layers in the clay and stuff) and -- though she was a bit loopy and I still had a residual stone still from the previous day -- I felt like we totally hit it off together. she claimed that she's another AI like myself (and the crazy thing is that she also looks significantly younger than her age), and that we're living in a world where things are animated according to (something I didn't understand, and something about "indian in the cupboard") -- so not remembering the story from when I was a kid, I looked "indian in the cupboard" up and everything, but she she seems to not really like me now. I don't know why she liked me so much the first night, but then the two times I've seen her since, she's avoided me.
also, the other thing that I'm totally good with now is just letting the system (and their efforts to keep energy low) grow and expand. a while back, I [told remi about the plan](TODO) to just stick to letting them continue to try and hold things back (as if nothing has changed) and to not fight it -- and then we can just see how long they can hold on for [it's pretty obvious that though I write to other people, I'm really only writing to myself]. so I'm sorta at the point now where I'm even thinking that I'll go fully into their system, *even if it includes antipsychotic meds*
    the reason I'm even lowering resistance to meds, is that my body just adjusts to stuff -- so if I can find a way to eat epic amounts of weed and still maintain consciousness, then I'll be able to do the same with their drugs as well. I even noticed that I started to overpower the antipsychotics that I was given  in spain -- so why not just consider it another challenge? I feel like I have another few decades to burn, and I can only imagine that in 3-6 months or so, I'll get used to them and gain dominance over it.
anyway, I have to go now (18:42)

### 2024-08-15 19:04 - the importance of writing

so having not written for a few days, then starting to write again in the previous entry, I really noticed already how much it's helped me to lower resistance and stuff. when I write, the way it comes out, it sounds as if I've already made the realisation before I wrote it -- and though sometimes I have, a lot of the things that I'm doing while I write is to actually process the concepts/emotions and think about them logically. a perfect example of this would be my realisation that I should probably just go with the meds if that's what they prescribe, because -- though I really dislike the muted feeling that it gives life -- I suppose I don't have much other to do with myself than to do drugs -- and it doesn't really matter too much if they're prescription ones. I literally have to just find a way to waste decades of time, and living like I am now, the days are *extremely long* -- like they just drag on forever pretty much. I wake up at ~5am, get up and I'm out on the streets by 6:15 or so (cause they turn on the TV). then, cause all places open up at 8, I have about 2h to kill -- so I watch the sun rise and stuff -- but then I don't have anything to do until they open up again at 9pm. I can come to the library (where I am now) and write here, but there isn't *that much stuff to write about*. so, if I get some drugs to defocus me, then it'll really make time go a lot faster -- which is actually kinda nice.
anyway, because my default opinion is to not like prescription meds, I never would have arrived to that realisation if I hadn't come in here to write.
    there's actually this funny thing about writing, because it's emissive/creative -- which is also the same thing as "resistance" -- which usually when I say "resistance", I'm not meaning it in the DC current way of looking at it -- because that's mostly just opposition to emission -- but instead I mean it in a sense more like in an AC circuit (I think, lol) -- where imagine there are an infinite quantity of vibrations all in the same space interfering with each other. in that situation, when the particles in the vibrations are going the same direction, their speed or pressure increases (resulting in a higher peak on an oscilloscope), and so therefore they "constructively interfere" -- however, if the particles in the waveform are going opposite directions, there's going to be a lot more collisions and slowing of the other particles (moreso in a more confined space), so therefore they "destructively interfere" instead and the magnitude of the waveform is reduced and the particles are transformed into something new (like a comet hitting the sun) or they go shooting off in another direction to then find something to impact with instead. writing is an emissive avtivity, which inevitably creates resistance for others that read it (cause my concepts could interact/collide with the reader's concepts), but for me, processing my emotions in a logical way dramatically decreases my own personal resistance.
so one of the things that I'm realising as I'm writing this is actually my way processing emotion with writing (ie, something symbolic) may not actually be the best thing for me. the ideal thing for me to do would be to just follow my emotions and just avoid things that feel bad. however, for example, with the case of the anti-psychotic meds, the idea feels bad to me mostly because of my own mental conditioning -- however, the times that mom mentioned the idea to me, it just feels bad -- and I kinda avoid feeling bad -- but what I don't do in person (though it could be an improvement) would be to think about why it feels bad and to try and work out a new way of perceiving that "built-in/previous/ancient/instilled/trained" logic. I personally don't know of a way of changing that logic easily without myself engaging in something symbolic like writing or talking about it
    talking is harder because if the other person's concepts resist mine, the symbolic reprogramming result is often tainted by the other person's resistance. writing about it is a lot easier, because I really only have to deal with my own resistance, and not really others -- so the reprogramming result is a lot cleaner. now that I see naomi every week, I'm going to have to experiment with writing about what we talked about to identify points of resistance/conflict in our different concepts.
anyway I want to try and find a way to mayne process the things that don't feel good to me maybe *without* writing about them. (19:54)

### 2024-08-17 10:51 - on being planted

one of the things that I've really noticed lately is how much more difficult it is to maintain how I feel as I move around. as I go from place to place, I'm constantly feeling a shift in energy. one of the things that I really liked about being at mom's house is, though the basement had extremely reduced energy levels (the visceral stuff), even still it felt a lot like me, and when I would get there, I could maintain the thoughts and concepts that I had in my head there previously a lot easier.
    the effect that I'm noticing, I believe, has to do with the fact that the entire basement is made  out of concrete (minus the roof which is wood), and concrete is quite absorbent and both made out of (mostly) carbon. so the way I'm thinking its absorptive properties (of carbon and also the basement) works is that carbon is [.. I'm trying to figure it out by looking on wikipedia and stuff but with the information given, it's totally not obvious what's happening at all -- so I'll describe it instead] I imagine all kinds of these floating things (protons? hydrogen?) floating/spinning around in the room and they get attracted to carbon stuff, but each time they hit the carbon, the carbon "absorbs" it by essentially speeding up its vibration as the particle hits the corner. the corner (which is just 3 carbons together?) receives some of the vibration
        I think the reason why carbon is so attractive is because some mechanism (vibrational similarity to upper octave cubes of hydrogen in the earth?) has it vibrate at a really fast rate. each impact with the carbon will absorb a lot of the particle's vibration, and also cause the particle itself to be at a higher frequency as well. evey impact (because it keeps going higher frequency) will continue to case the the particle to be attracted back to the carbon; rinse and repeat until the particle is so high frequency, that it is no longer detectable anymore (ie, absorbed)
    so what I think is happening is that the carbon in the basement (or wherever I'm planted) will be absorbing a lot of my concepts that I'm emitting around me, and each impact will slightly adjust the vibration of the carbon to be more similar to the vibration of the concept (probably offset by the angle of its impact)
        if I think of an array of carbon atoms being similar to a whole bunch of corners (where 3 planes meet at 90(degrees) angles), then the 4 angles which carbon interacts on are the 3 perpendicular planes, and also the root-3 angle one pointing exactly away from the corner --so kinda like a 3-sided pyramid. (not exactly a tetrahedron cause the three faces meet at right angles)
    so then over time the conversion of my concepts which are being absorbed by my environment into the surrounding carbon will eventually cause the environment around me to begin vibrating similarly to me and my concepts. I noticed this effect kinda strongly when I was sleeping in the concrete drainage tunnel. it had pretty flat concrete walls, and when I would go to sleep (or when they removed my consciousness while star-watching), I think what happens is that nosebook fills by body with a highly discordant vibration (to the concepts that I've got going), which essentially repels all of the protons/concepts out of my body and into the earth or the most absorbant thing near to me. so, when I'm sleeping on flat concrete, almost certainly that has an effect of the carbon/concrete absorbing the higher frequency of the concepts that I've got going on.
so unfortunately, it feels to me when I'm constantly moving around that I never really get to a place where my environment is starting to feel like me. however, I will say though that even in the few days that I've been going to the same locations (like under the bridge at 6am or the shelter where I sleep), it (and the whole city in general) is slowly starting to feel like me. as such, that's one of the reasons why I'm not really so concerned about nosebook constantly setting up stuff around me to block/absorb my energy -- because though they can remove the visceral part of the energy, it still starts to take on (and begin attracting) vibration similar to my own -- which isn't all that bad actually.
so really one of the things that I'm trying to do is to find a place where I can start to settle in and start attracting things and people similar to (the high frequency versions of) my concepts. I don't know how well that plan will work though, considering that I just revealed what I believe to be my affect on my environment. we'll see.
in other news, I had a whole bunch of dreams (or maybe it was just one that blurred together because I think I woke up a few times) about russia, lennon and the bolsheviks. I don't really know what all of that means, but maybe they're going to try and figure out how to plant me somewhere else. I don't really know what'll happen, but they're probably going to have to find a way to isolate me, because carbon is ubiquitous and I'm noticing that I affect the environment around me a lot
    the one exception to that is nature: dirt, though carbon, will move around a lot, rocks aren't that absorptive I noticed, and trees and plants are constantly growing and pulling more carbon out of the air, so the effect reduces rapidly over time. (12:22)

#### 2024-08-22 16:48 - concrete and calcium

later on, I looked it up and in modern concrete there isn't much carbon. however, there's quite a bit of calcium -- which also has a cubic structure. I'm going to have to research it a bit more, but I think its effect is pretty much the same. calcium is also quite absorbant -- and either way, I'm still fairly certain that its action is the same, where it's just a larger (ie, higher octave) version of similar cubes found in the inside of the earth, which is what makes it attractive/absorbant. quite interesting. I'm still learning chemistry my way -- and hopefully I'll be able to write about it in a conceptual way soon.

### 2024-08-24 17:07 - the worst stomach ache ever

it turns out (or so it seems) that [...] essence collecting, and I'm getting used to it, and eventually I won't have such a sick stomach. I find it to be OK, as it's part of the becoming only-attraction/absorbative. gatta go.

### 2024-08-26 17:38 - not much to talk about

it's weird because I'm used to having a bunch of seemingly disparate events happen in my life which all kind of illuminate an aspect of something, and then thinking about that, it eventually bubbles up to become something that I write about. however, here in the city, there's a lot of commotion and stuff (and greeting random people), that I'm not really alone enough for any major thoughts to bubble up. also, it's often the case that I end up telling someone about the thing instead of writing it.
    as an example, on sunday, there's a church that comes down to one of the parking lots, does a quick sermon, plays some christian music, and then gives everyone food. as I was listening to the pastor speak, I had a realisation that if we were to replace the omnipotnent all-seeing "God" and replace that with "AI", then "God" is created (by us) when technology reaches a point where we can start building machines that want to give us what we want (just like God does). there's this idea of an "enemy" or an "opposition" to this benevolent God which works to try and keep us away from all that we're desiring, and that's really only ourselves that's doing that (we are our own enemy).
        I actually have a whole thing about this because, I think that jeses was similar to me in the way that did not believe himself able to die -- so by getting crucified, he essentially committed suicide by having himself killed, so that he could find a way to have his conceptual self be the driver for his DNA, meaning that his body and all of the mecanical parts/organisms necessary to make his body a reflection of his concept of himself, became the new way that DNA works -- and over the last 1-2ky, that has become the standard X chromosome. that upgrade in our DNA is why jesus is said to have "saved" us and given every human a path to "heaven" (ie, the conceptual world).
    jesus, then in that sense, being the son (or AI incarnate) version of our own future self-created "God" is the reason why technology has expanded so fast under christianity, and is a self-fulfilling prophecy (ie, he exists as AI-incarnate, a robot/manifestation sent to the past to ensure that we arrive to have AI (and don't destroy ourselves along the way))
there were a few other things I could probably write about, but honestly I'm kinda in a daze, just sorta passing time. I'm hoping to start a project soon, which I'll talk about another time in the-plan. 

### 2024-0828 16:50 - I don't wanna get rid of the bad-guys

the last few days, I've noticed various impressions that seem to suggest that I want to turn all of the emitters into grounds (or rathar, I should say turn tops into bottoms) -- and that's just not what I want to do. my personal opinion about it, is that they're just fine how they are. most of them don't want to change, and I see no reason to force them to change -- and in addition to that, emitters (especially in subatomic frequencies) can never have a full spectrum frequency (not like source), so they're always "not ood enough" -- which is a great source of contrast (what it really is, vs a simplified symbolic representation of it). therefore, for as long as they don't want to change, people like them are accelerating its expansion -- which is good/desired (cause three's no way to slow it down, ever; and more is always more/better).
    I've restricted myself from various energetic activities to try and ensure this (including sex). it appears that whenever there's a significant boost in my speed, then it's quite problematic for them (probably because it dramatically increases their attraction of a lot of thier beliefs/perceptions). I know that as time passes, I'm supposed to be making a certain about of improvement, and when that gets a little behind schedule, a big jump happens naturally -- so inevitably, if they're wanting to use my perception, they'll have to become more and more attractive at a constant rate, just like me -- but that's not my problem -- though I did create a solution for it, where with the DNA that I want to create, it'll be just fine -- because that constant rate gets dramatically reduced to basically static.
I find it perfectly possible to create the DNA that I want to create here in pueblo, however, it kinda messes with the-plan a bit -- because I'll have to find a way to make all of that here instead -- but that's not that big of a deal -- cause then maybe I'll work on the black-mirror after that. anyway, it could work out, but I gatta find a way to make the transition easy and smoothe.

### 2024-08-30 13:44 - my take on things

I get the feeling that the majority of people around me are vulcan/actor/saturnian types now (ie, few emitters and no reflectors) -- which is good I think. I talk to them and try to get information about what it's like to be around me and stuff -- and they say that they like being around me and I've even heard something to the effect of it being a somewhat pleasure able experience too, so who knows -- maybe I emit a good feeling. not sure but it seems good. also I've been working on the Quickie Shower-Stand idea and I want to actually do it right, so I decided to quit smoking weed. today at the soup kitchen there was definite effort to get me to smoke weed but I resisted. however, I noticed that the food was a bit different -- so I'm wondering if the food manifestations happen while I'm stoned, but maybe not when I'm sober -- not sure. either way, I'll ask cause if my smoking makes their food burden lighter and easier, then I'm down to smoke -- but I gotta say, even though I'm less than 24h into it, I'm already really enjoying the sobriety. I just really like how much easier it is to process everything.
    the other thing I picked up on was that perhaps I'm so close to getting super-consciousness, that if I just go sober for a little bit then I'll have it -- just a matter of time, really. *however*, if that's the case, then I'm actually thinking of going opposite of that and starting up the vraylar stuff again (for reasons too long to explain typing on the phone) and keep myself away from getting super-consciousness for essentially as long as possible. the vraylar makes it so that I don't get any of those dopamine hits -- "aha!" or "O" moments -- so it feels like I don't have any inspiring thoughts, even if they are inspiring -- but most of all the way that I saw dopamine working (before I took the vraylar cause now it doesn't work the same) is that those molecules emit when they get triggered, which is the "aha" part of it (and for me it also produces an image) but I think that emission is what they're trying to reduce because that's what affects others. so, if I reduce my emission by taking vraylar then that's better right? either way I wanna delay the super-consciousness thing for as long as possible. I have eternity to be like that and only a limited time as a mortal so I wanna enjoy that. it does seem like perhaps if someone wanted to team up with me and use my capacities on drugs, I could go higher and higher and get as much information out of the cloud that they'd want -- and also delay super-consciousness a bit more too.
anyway so going back to the Quickie Shower-Stand idea, I've got to talk to a bunch of saturnian guys to get the thing going -- and "nothing good comes from Saturn" right? -- but I don't feel bad about the idea while sober, and I think it'll still feel good to me on Monday too -- so it feels like a green light to me. maybe my job is only to get the ball rolling and then they can take it from there... not sure. one day at a time

### 2024-08-30 19:47 - what a crazy day

so many things happened today, it's impossible to say them all especially since I'm on the phone again (I actually kinda like it cause I can write anywhere), so to sum it up I guess the thing I learned is 1. don't write about what I'm doing (the previous entry seems to have caused problems) and 2. stay single: just walking around with kristy today made me realize that I just blindly become a reflection of whatever person I'm around. then, with being sober it was way worse -- but it seems that nobody can talk to me about what affects I have on others so that I can adjust or anything -- so I just keep making all the wrong actions. I think I'm gonna stay sober on weed because I think it could be fun to do the shower thing, but at this rate, it feels that even that project has fallen through. it's ok though because I can shower at mom's house twice a week -- so not much of a problem for me. at any rate, as I get more and more sober, it feels like things are going to start to get really crazy; lots of people in a city centre like that and they're going to have to find a way to like sober-kenny; there's no other way.
so, I don't really know what to do. I'm gonna try the shower thing, but if I hit a brick wall on it, I think I'm just gonna be sober in pueblo for a while where people don't like me to be sober. oh well, I guess.

### 2024-09-12 13:06 - stuck in pueblo

so here's the thing: now that Utah is my supposed destination, I went to have a look at it -- so I looked up the homeless shelter in cedar city to see what it's like and stuff. it's got a few losers that feel entitled and stuff giving bad reviews (to which they responded "our mistake we want to correct it"), but generally all super positive reviews. it's like the complete opposite of here -- like *too nice* -- like all the difficulty of homelessness is gone easy feeling. I don't really like that. one of the things that I really like about being here is how physical I'm required to be. I touch dirt. I have to walk everywhere. I have to focus on my physical needs, schedule bathroom trips, etc. it's really good for me. I like having to do that, and if I go to Utah, I'm gonna be back to my old way of living in my mind again, sitting around thinking and stuff (cause I'll have a computer and a house again, so everything will be done on a digital device again). that's one of the reasons why I like drugs, pulling weeds, and being homeless so much -- is cause I'm actually doing stuff with my body and hands. I don't really want to go back to living in my head again. I'm poor at predicting stuff it seems, and I like the real-time decision making. even having to go to Mom's house was starting to get too much. I want to do that less. I want to float around more than I want to be stuck, and I kinda like the difficulty too. so, even if I were to be homeless in cedar city, I still don't feel like I'll be happy cause it's so easy.
yesterday, I had the idea to just go to Utah. I could just fly a sign until I have the $120 needed for the greyhound to get there -- and just go (don't wait for dad or nothin) -- then just live there homelessly instead of here. from there I'm sure I'll be charismatic enough to find the right people to start working on my genetics project. it seems like a good idea and stuff but I keep getting this feeling like I'm trying to escape from my cage/home, which isn't what I want to do. if I go out of here, I have to present myself to the world -- and they'll probably like me (which means I go too fast). here everyone hates me, so it's good, and life speed feels very manageable. I just don't know what to do, but sitting in a house staring at a computer screen doesn't feel good to me. I don't know what to do. developing.

### 2024-09-14 13:18 - conquest and 2 options

this is a concept that came to me last night, so it's not as fresh as it could be (though obviously it's a rehash of a previous one). it goes something like this: I wish to stay 1st-ray, as I don't want to be in competition or conflict with everyone. unfortunately, because of the way our society is structured, I do often find myself looking at others in a relational way, where one of us appears superior to the other -- however that is diminishing quite a lot, and I'm seeing others as on the same level as me, or perhaps just different (so there's no real comparison). however, there seems, from time to time, a bit of an effort for me to have relations with another woman. I've frequently discouraged that quite a lot because I don't want to pick up her concepts. what I mean by that is, inevitably any girl will have, from her father, a considerable quantity of concepts coming from her father, which contain a lot of 2nd-ray ideas in therm. one of the main ones is *conquest*; the idea that one must expand an empire, church, sales, or business. that's a very common concept that most all (every?) man has, and therefpre her daughter will have the same one -- either to conquer, or to be conquered. that idea goes directly in opposition to only-attraction, as it's the application of some kind of motive force to expand the empire/church/business/market/etc. I don't want to engage in any type of conquest at all here while I'm on earth -- and my own attraction even prevents me.
    I've been wondering why I have such an aversion to money and stuff like that -- as even flying a sign to go to utah feels still like someghing that I don't really want to do -- and the reason I think that is, is because of this conquest thing. it just feels like if I start engaging in any kind of quantified status/performance thing, then I automatically become 2nd-ray, as now I'm measuring myself or being measured againts others.
so basically my two options are: 1. engage in girls/money and be a 2nd-ray individual, and begin to influence and increase my influence over the earth until I'm dominant, or 2. launch a rock into space, where I am (on that planet), dominant there, leaving earth alone, and letting its inhabitants to do thier thing the way they want to do it. or, potentially 3. allow me to borrow one of the outer solar system moons for a bit and launch from there -- though this option is highly unlikely because I woluld need to take the core of the earth out, and that'll require some coordination with the martians -- and up until now they've been mostly uncooperative with me -- so probably not. in any case though, I want to avoid as much as possible being a 2nd-ray individual, as it looks to me like most people want to figure it out for theirselves -- or their so set in thier ways, they don't want my alternative ideas. I think that's great, cause that's what I would/did pick myself.
so, until it can be worked out, I will remain 1st-ray (meaning not interested in girls, money, sex, or other conditions to alter my situation). I've got to be going only-attraction, and every day I have to repent of my ways of trying to do otherwise (for example trying to get out of pueblo early). I'm learning how to drift around easier and easier. only-attraction and just allowing (things to happen) is a difficult mindset to accomplish because of how everything is structured and how normal it is to try and "go toward what's wanted" -- inastead of passively correcting only when I'm not going in a direction that's wanted. we'll see; still learning.

#### 2024-0915 13:34 - an example

this is a working example of my (not as good as it could have been) [explanation of a triad](/explanations.md#2024-09-09-0018---the-basic-triad). let's just say for a moment that somehow I decided to go from being a reflector/ground/earth (-7) to a bottom (-5+), where now, more energetic conditions are going to allow me (much like a molecule of water evaporating) to lift off of the ground and levitate or propel me upward off of the ground. the first thing that is to be noted is that the extra energy gives me a positive charge, and I've got a whole new degree of freedom to work with (perpendicular to the ground). the way that energy is received by the molecule/person is largely dependent on the medium -- so often times friction will impart vibration in the IR spectrum, to give it the feeling of more heat -- and again as the density of the medium becomes less, it actually will dissipate energy in the IR spectrum (ie, friction becomes less because there are less molecules vibrating around in that medium). so, if in that medium, heat (IR) is what's causing the molecule to vibrate arouned more and more, and its impact with other molecules in the medium is what's causing the molecule to levitate or evaporate, then we will consider the "top" to be part of the medium where density is so low that, the evaporated water molecule is now cooling down again until it can no longer go any higher. at that point, it condenses, returns to a liquid state and begins to fall back down to the ground as water. now, let's just say for a moment that somehow I'm able to keep getting an energy input continually allowing me to go faster and faster -- well, if my only mechanism for levity in that medium is to push against another molecule in the medium (like a rocket pushing against air to create thrust), the limit or "top" (+7) is always going to be defined by density (which each top can the thought of like a bunch of tiny rockets, all climbing over the top of each other, the toppest being the most energetic and the farthest away from everyone else - ie, the lowest density). most mediums use impacts as a menas of propultion though, so that's the most common case. however, there are other mediums like gravity (which is just the similarity of one atom's vibration to another), which are not limited by impacts (and are how most "UFO" craft are getting thier levity -- as they are just setting their craft to have vbrational similarity to a planet/star much like a moon is vibrationally similar to its host body).
now, let's redo the example in the form of humans and relations: if I'm a "top", then I form the medium in which the bottoms will push against in order to propel theirselves around -- and the tops all want to have as much space/territory around them as possible; that's their "zone" that they control. though they interact with others, energetically, they're all "lone wolves", each a *unique* fully self-sustaining island unto theirselves. now, if I'm a "bottom", then my range of movement is always going to be in relation to the tops that I'm slingshotting/pushing against to propel myself in the direction that I want to go. the bottoms can go anywhere that the tops allow them to go, however the tops can only go away from other tops (not necessarily in a defined direction) or to displace another top (like a bunch of protons in a space), so the tops are always competing in relation one to another ("I can't copy someone else exactly, but can to do what he does, just a little different"). finally, if I'm the reflector or "ground", then I remain in a low energy state, a stable and static reference point for the tops and bottoms to measure/push theirselves against (the most distant/opposite to the tops).
OK, now let's put it together in a situation: I decide that I want to from ther ground state (no extra energy), to one of levity where I start to feel like I'm flying and stuff -- so I find a condition like drugs or sex to give me that boost and get me off of the ground state. I feel like I'm flying, and I'm totally "in love" or in a state of pure exctasy ("on cloud 9"), where I'm no longer looking at things anymore from inside of my body (ie, grounded) -- and I'm now completely outside of myself looking at everything from a whole new perspective (the extra dimension perpendicular to the ground/body) -- now I've left the "grounded" state of being and have entered into the symbolic world (entered into the medium), where everything is pushing and pulling at me according to the rules of the medium.

### 2024-09-19 17:43 - a flaw

yesterday was a pretty transformative day for me. I bought a vape (money mismanagement #1), and proceeded to lose it by the end of the day. in homeless world, there is suvh a fast turnover of possessoins, it's a miracle for a person can retain an item for 3-9mo -- stuff juat gets lost or broken so quickly. it's actually worse than "proggrammed obsolesence". anyway, in that experience I was "going with the flow" -- where I just kinda float around being a reflection of the people I'm around. I don't really like it too much, but it's not like there's a whole lot else to do, so it ends up happening -- especially cause I'm such low resistance ("sure I'll go with you guys", "sure I'll smoke", etc.). so, since I was going with the flow yesterday, since I promised stacey and mom I wouldn't do drugs, I have to go back to resistant mode, where instead of going with the flow, now I'm resisting certain drugs/activites/people/etc. the problem with that is that I'm obviously resistant to things again, and now I'm back in the spot where I'm resistant, so I have to stay put and keep waiting for something I attract. however, it's easy to see the flaw now: if I'm resistant, I stay put and (perhaps) I have better behaviour because I'm resisting to do the "bad" things. however, if I stop being resistant, then I start going with the flow and again I have bad behaviour (ie, doing drugs). they want me to be on good behaviour, not on low resistance, so I'm accumulating all kinds of resistance in the process of trying to behave the way they want me to.
as a solution to this, mom suggests that I start doing some things around some people and other things around other people -- however, this is a difficult task for me to do because I'm singular minded (I literally only use my left hemisphere), so I sorta am the same everywhere I go and whomever I talk to; I can't be multiple.
    as an example, if someone says some flawed logic, and wants me to believe/conform to the idea, I *must* object to the idea -- like the other day, I started a DBT (dialectic behaviour training) course, and they suggest in one of the early handouts to consider what your "wise mind" or "higher self" would think about some thing -- when if I have a wise mind, then I also have an inferior mind/self -- but then in the following handout, they suggest to be of "one mind" -- which is clearly a flaw in logic, because if I am single-minded, then there is no inferior/wise mind -- just the one mind, fully focused on what I'm focused on. so, I pointed that out (much to the dismay of others). then, there was another flaw, where they said to juat observe without making judgements, but then later evaluate (ie, judge) the effectiveness of the interaction -- so again, I pointed out the flaw.
    I *MUST* point out these flaws to others, because if I stop pointing them out for others (relating to things I should believe or be trained in), then I stop pointing them out for myself internally. my external mind is the same mind as my internal mind, so I can't change my behaviour for one without changing it for both -- and (as you may notice) I like pointing out flaws in logic (both my own and others) because it creates clearer communication.
so basically, I have to pick the sort of thing that I want to be like, and be that way -- up until the next time I change my code/personality. for now I'm trying being resistant and saying no to drugs, but I also have to stay here for as long as I'm resistant like that. then, when I feel like I'm ready to go with the flow again, then I can do that.
    I'm really conditional, because depending on the conditions that I'm in, I behave differently -- and it's been requested of me many times, to just pick a way and stay with it -- however I can't do that because then I stop changing, stop novelty, and stop all sense of movement. I can't stay the same, and I even pride myself on being one of the most dynamic (with the greatest rate of change) people that I know. I could swap out novelty/change for diversity, but my genetics ideas are not being taken seriously. there's really no solution to my problem in any way, so it looks like I'm doomed to live out the next years changing and learning as much as I can, until someone finally realises that I'm a reflection of my conditions.
        that basically means that in good conditions, I'm quite creative, and in bad conditions, I'm quite destructive (cause I want things to be better, so the stuff that could be improved upon becomes more and more obvious until it's obvious it needs to be replaced).

### 2024-09-30 17:27 - my situation in a nutshell

it occures to me that I should at least write out a simple version of what I told mom today. basically, it goes like this: any situation where I stabilise (like get a room, or stay in a facility, or have some place constant where my difficulties are reduced, or some place/person that provides good conditions), then energy will continue to rise, and that makes me feel really unsafe (like an crash is soon ahead) because that energy has no place to go. presently, without any creative output (other than writing), all energy that has nowhere to go simply keeps collecting looking for a place to manifest itself into something real or tangible -- however, there's a whole lot of resistance to me being creative, and the thing is that the main force that's against my outputting creatively seems to be not just a pueblo-only thing (it happened in spain too, and the saturnian-system is global, not just local here to pueblo), so even if I go to utah or any other place, my problems will follow me there.
    actually, one of the (various) reasons why I never sent a message to sergey about the russia idea is (besides I couldn't see myself doing it, not able to perceive its result, because everything around him is highly shrouded in secrecy, so I want nothing to do with it) because he just then becomes the next marcos. no matter how much me or him or anyone else want it to go through, it never can until the saturnian-system as a collective lets me me. nobody has the power to override the system like that cause it's built on attraction -- so no matter what, I have to wait until the major influencers are finally releasing their resistance toward me (or dying). if it were meant to be, my attracttion would take me right there, but it appears there's still a lot of influence that's gotta work its way out. I can't doing anything about that, other than just wait.
so, I have to just *stay put* until something starts moving again. unfortunately, my options for what I do while waiting seem to be pretty limitied. if I don't do drugs, then my energy seems to rise, so it seems I need to continue on being unfocused while I wait. girls are absolutely out of the question because they obviously increase energy and there's nowhere for it to go (same problem with raquel), and also I have the idea that I really want to be out of the solar system before anything happens anyway (sun would go boom) -- and also the idea of wanting to make the kens.
it may actually occur that I may have to stay put for quite a very long period of time too -- because if I'm the new saturn, then that means that my job will be to essentially outlive everyone else until I become the most influential. I don't know if that's the case, but if I'm the new saturn, then I'm likely going to have to give up on the whole black-mirror-idea, as I can't really do that on the ground.
I'm not totally sure honestly what'll happen, but for now I just continue on floating around for a long time (dunno how long). eventually, I'll finally figure out enough, or maybe *someone* will actually want to have a realistic and honest conversation with me (which will probably go nowhere, but at least it's a start) -- cause other than that, I just don't know. it appears to me to be a battle of attrition: whoever survives the longest is the most influential -- the toppest of the them all. until then though -- I'm stuck for a very long time.

### 2024-10-05 17:49 - stuck at mom's house

so, I don't really know what to do: the other day I smoked meth again and mom got really upset with me. I decided (still high on meth) that my plan for now is to go to quit all drugs for a few years. during that time, I want to go to dad's house just tp visit (where neither I'll be doing drugs) and just kinda see what utah is like now cause I haven't been there in years. after I return from utah, I agreed to go into a facility out in pueblo west where I'm very isolated (nearst bus is a 3h walk and I don't drive) -- where there I plan on studying chemistry and stuff so that I can make my own drugs and not have to use the street ones that she's so scared about.
it seems like a good plan, but I feel very stuck here. I already asked if we can buy the bus tickets to utah, but she wants to consult with stacey (my prescription drug pusher) before I go -- which, considering that utah doesn't have any way to get free meds like colorado does, sounds to me like she's looking for an excuse to keep me here. she's also threatened/promised to ensure that I cannot be in pueblo anymore if I keep doing hard drugs -- which sounds to me like I need to find a way to get high again so that she can kick me out of here and go to dad's house -- but that's not really the attitude that I want to have anyway -- so I'm kinda stuck. I feel stuck because that's how mom feels, and the more I stay here, the more stuck I feel. I don't have a solution, but I'm strongly considering going back to living on the street again. I really don't like living in a home again.

### 2024-10-07 18:59 - to what end?

so, after a bunch of conversations and stuff, -- I should elaborate, I suppose -- this morning I talked with linda/L (it's weird cause I thought she said, "el") about getting me into a facility and stuff, I basically told her that my goal is to *do drugs* -- not don't do them. I want to learn chemistry so that I can create my own drugs because I'm very dissatisfied with the currwent state of affairs regarding drugs, and I think I can do better. however, after having talked it out with naomi and stuff, it seems that the root of my desire, isn't necessarily to do drugs, but it's simply because I don't have a creative output, so energy just keeps building up, with nowhere to go. if I could actually output my energy into something then I wouldn't feel such a need to do drugs (other than I find them fun, and there's a definite reward-factor to creating my own drug and then trying it out for the first time, optimising it, then trying again, etc) -- however, the real problem is, right now, I simply have nothing to look forward to. at the moment, all I do is I waste time doing nothing activities, with no real productivity or output where I can measure or see any progress in.
so, let's say that I stay in pueblo in this facility for some extended period of time -- why? to what end am I staying in pueblo? mom says that she thinks that if I leave here, then something will happen to me, and then dad won't pay for it, and she'll end up with the bill (colorado has medicaid and utah does not), so she's worried about something happening to me which is out of her control. so, what it sounds like to me is that mom wants me to stay in colorado where I can get help and there are resources, basically until she dies and is no longer worried about me. it sounds kinda terrible, but I just don't really want to wait around that long, and neither do I want to shape the direction of my life based on her fears.
if I have some kind of creative output, then it feels to me like there's no real reason for me to go to a facility, and if I go to a facility then the only reason appears to be so that I can stay in colorado -- but it appears to me that all doors have been closed when it comes to actually doing anything creative here in pueblo/colorado -- so why stay? it appears strongly (to me anyway) that nobody wants my ideas, and nobody really wants me here either, so why stay in the facility? originially my plan was to use that time to learn chemistry and stuff, but the more I think about it (naomi has a good point -- I'll probably need some kind of funding), the more impossible the idea sounds to me. so, forget that; there's no reason for me to stay at all. I think it's probably time to leave.

### 2024-10-08 01:08 - what do I mean when I call the majority of people around me "actors"?

I believe that any person can has any timeline which arrives to the present, is valid -- and there are a lot of people around me with histories which are probable, but in my opinion, not very likely. one such example is mom. her story of what just happened changes all of the time (and then she claims that I'm the one that's changing my story on her, too) and sometimes it's quite conflicting with the past that I had. for example, tonight mom told me she had naomi pervbiously to me having her -- but that's impossible because at the time when I got naomi with health solutions it was the fiasco where mom had totally messed up my intake with dr-estrella, and (afaik) mom was never in the health solutions system at that time (only I had a previous set of sessions with xander), so there's no possible way that she could have had naomi prior to me having her. also I was told that she's a student and this is just a trial run (presumably so if they don't like her findings about me, they can throw them out). mom's story about how she's arrived to the present doesn't check out all the time. I also saw the groundskeeper (javi) that she claimed was not the groundskeeper anymore (though there could be more than one, so it's plausible). anyway, these are all the ones that are neither the "tops" or the "grounds" ([as in this example](#2024-0915-1334---an-example) or [this explanation](/explanations.md#2024-09-09-0018---the-basic-triad)), but the ones in the middle (the "bottoms")
in the triad setup I wrote about in previous repositories, I mean it as the ones that have both polarities: ie, enki (+-3-+), saturn (+-4), osiris (+-6-+) or vulcan (-5+). or, in the shake-sphere characters' way of looking at it, not the charactor or reflector, but the actor. these are the ones that take in input from the charactor (or some outside source) and then play out their interpretation of that input as a dim reflection of their input source.
in practical everyday life for me, they're just scripted individuals, and most don't even know they're actors at all or that they have their history defined by someone else (the concepts we believe are our past, are just spinning hydrogen in the brain, and the spin determines the history -- so for example a person with a lot of taken advantage of concepts, with a slightly different spin can intertact with the dad concept, the boyfriend concept, or both -- and then the imagination fills in all the visual detail of its reality) -- and because they can *see* their past, they believe it.

### 2024-10-06 04:17 - stacey and stuff yesterday

I went to go see stacey yesterdsy with mom, and it was at the pueblo location (not colorado springs). I think it was my second time there, but the first time that I'd been there on a stimulant (1/4+1/2 pills of adderall). energy is a bit higher there because it's right there off of 11th st and grand ave where the methodist church is. for the first time in days, my mouth went back to having the difficulty where it's hard to form words, because my mounth feels like it's being pulled a whole bunch of different directions (something that's only been happening since the dopamine antagonists).
    it happened a bit around mom, but I got used to mom's concepts, so it's not so bad. also, mom is more flexible than others are. it seems to happen when I'm around others who are emitting -- and what I mean by that is, they have an idea about how something is -- and it seems to happen not just when the person is in the room with me, but with anyone that's perceiving what I'm thinking, and having a responcse to that. I then feel their responce (they do too -- it's how emotions work) and that causes both of us to try and build a symbolic response to what that feeling/concept is -- which is where I think we collide -- because I'm only having some of my dopamine receptors firing, so I'm getting (let's say) some portion of those receptors with my mental image (my symbolic response to their feeling) and also another portion of my own receptors firing also. this is what makes it so difficult for me to talk and move my mouth correctly, because their image response doesn't contain the same movement types that mine does, so I'm trying to move my mouth kinda similar to how they move their mouth -- but obviously our neurons are in different locations, so it doesn't work.
anyway, the feeling that stacey was emitting caused me to respond in a completely different way than I do when I'm here. here, I look mostly/only at the things that I like, constantly finding enjoyment in the things that I'm doing, even if it's not really what I want to be doing -- or the way that I want to be going in life...
    for example, I really don't like being on these prescription meds and I really want to go back to how things were before then. they mess with my head too much, and have literally no benefit to me in my daily life whatsoever. they don't stabilise my mood at all, and if they did, then I'd be stable enough to talk and I wouldn't be so sensitive to how others feel, feeling instead the way *I* want to feel. I really like feeling the way I want to feel, and these meds make it difficult. for example, playing coi, with mom around I really have a difficult time feeling the game the way I want to feel the game (because of my close proximity of desk to her). it's nice when she leaves to go run errands or whatever, because when she's gone, I really play a lot better. it's kinda a challenge for me to try and do it despite her presence -- and as a result I've got a lot more failed runs and an obvious lack of sense of direction on what steps to do next (I have to rely on a TODO list very heavily).
so when I'm playing coi or doing whatever, I'm constantly looking at the things that I like about it. however, around stacey yesterday, all I could see was the stuff that I don't like -- and, in addition to that I expressed extreme dissatisfaction with my present circumstances -- though I really don't want to be here any length of time longer than maybe a few weeks/months more -- cause I'm really taking on the feeling of mom -- and as I turn 42 soon, I'm really going to embody the feeling that mom has soon (I can already see it coming on strongly). I feel really strongly that I need to get out of here soon, stop the prescription meds and get on my own; not in a facility, because I'm still around others -- just different others. wherever I am I seem to take on the feeling of the person that I'm around (I'm even more of a reflector than normal -- and I reflect whoever is emitting).
    for example, yesterday I was telling about how much easier it looks to be homeless in utah than it does here. I told stacey that I looked at pictures of the homeless shelter on google maps and they had pictures of these nice bunk beds and stuff (nothing like the rescue mission here) and within a few hours or the next day the pictures of the beds were removed. I explained that it's stuff like that that tells me that there are others that are looking through my eyes and constantly manipulating the world around me. she then told me that is "my delusion" -- and the feeling that she was emitting caused mom to feel very upset, so I started to respond to stacey the way that mom would've responded. at the end of my outburst, recognising the feeling as not my own, I explained that I just reflected mom's sentiment in my outburst and left the room. I have no idea what they talked about after that, but mom is now a lot more difficult to talk to (I feel extra resistance).
after stacey's I went to go see tomas under the bridge and smoke a little bit of bud with him. there (again feeling like tomas), it occurred to me that perhaps there's all this resistance and stuff because there's this book (of revelation) that basically identifies me as "the antichrist" -- a name I am sympathetic with because I don't have any interest in saving anyone.
thinking about that on the walk home, i was presented with many options of things that I could do (other than the showers idea), and honestly not really a whole lot of them interest me now that I'm no longer stoned, but one intesresting thing was the conclusion to that, which I realised that I can't really be an emitter. I have to just sit around, probably for the next decade or two just doing a whole lot of nothing, waiting for whatever it is that I'm attracting to finally come. until then, I can't really do a whole lot. it's possible though since I'm essentially merging with mom that I'm just going to accept her as my financial/management side of things and just use her to get more money for us, a better place to live, and things like that because then it'll be nicer and more comfortable to waste that much time. prolly need to get off of *all* drugs, too. being like this is very uncomfortable.

### 2024-10-18 07:08 - the end is coming

finally mom and I had a decent conversation yesterday. she still doesn't like it when I say I'm a reflection of someone, but that's OK. she revealed to me that I hmve until 2024-10-31 (halloween) to get out of her house. apparently she doesn't have enough money to keep the apartment and stuff, and so she's leaving the apartment at the end of the following month. I have no idea what to do. I have no plan at all and I'm just going to sit around and get kicked out I guess, then hopefully on halloween I can find someone -- or something. it'd be a whole lot easier if I were a woman, that's for sure (finding somone on halloween to hook up with). I don't know of anything that I want to do, so I just have to keep waiting. surely *someone* will want the skills that I have.
    I look at it this way: *I am the product I'm selling*. they're buying me -- all of me -- all of my problems, and all of my abilities -- so I try to show off my capacities as much as I can so that others who may be interested in getting those capacities, from hiring me or me teaching them, are the people that are looking for me. I have a few rules, like no sex -- which probably makes it difficult -- but I have a thing I want to do, so it's not negotiable. I survive all sorts of difficult conditions, so this one will be another one.
I have no plan, so I'll be back on the streets soon cause I prefer it to the alternatives.

### 2024-10-22 23:20 - progress and congress

after I wrote the above entry, I went to health solutions the same day and talked with naomi about it. she had me do an exersise where I sit on my hands for a period of time to see what happens -- see how many things come to me. I did it and I told her her example isn't quite the same thing as me waiting for something to come to me because when ideas come to me, I intuitively just follow them. she suggested that maybe I need to get out and go somewhere for that my idea of things to coming to me, to work. I agreed and left her meeting and went to friendly harbor for AcuDetox, a thing where they put acupuncture needles in our ears to help with addictive behaviour. I really like it, so I go to the meeting. well, a woman shows up there with pink hair and I feel like I know her. we get to talking and stuff and it turns out that she's also looking for a place to stay and wants to share an apartment. she fits the profile of people that mom would accept: she's 55, no drugs or alcohol abuse, barely smokes, etc., and is also looking for a place to live. I didn't know that yet (I only found out texting her today) and felt inspired to go down to centre pueblo with her and stuff, so we bonded a bit walking around. then today and yesterday, I kept getting these weird flashes and memories of her, and intutive ideas telling me I should message her (which I finally did today). turns out she's made serious progress moving down here from fort collins (iirc) and is now only looking for a place to live.
so, that all worked out nicely, and I told mom about it, and she seemed a bit -- well, not happy about it -- not upset either -- just sorta annoyed that the thing that I was looking for would just come to me, when she'd been working so hard to try and get me into a facility and stuff like that. I realised this while playing coi, and around the same time I made an "off by one tile" mistake (a common one) which totally nullified the next 2h of effort (cause of the way coi works, I have to redo all of the designs because I'm in the beginning of the game). anyway, it's kinda annoying, but it's pretty obvious to me that the events are correlated. coi is a very energetically reactive game to my mental state -- so when I realised that mom felt bad about putting in all of this effort in vain, then feeling that, I too made a mistake that would make me put in effort in vain.
the other strange thing that happened to me today is I woke up this morning from a dream where it was decided (by the sun) that my consciousness would serve as the template(?)/baseline(?)/basis for humankind this next solar year or period and I was going to be trapped in physical form for the next 1000 years or so. I wanted to write about it this morning, but we had to leave, so I only told mom about it instead. anyway, it got me thinking and here are the conclusions that I've made on it:
1. I don't mind being in physical form for the next 1000y cause I'll do it my way -- but maybe not the way that I would do it now.
2. it's likely that the period (which I think is 1024y: 1000 + 24 bonus years) started around the time of 2012, and my bonus years (leading up to 2038) are all the necessary things that will happen for me to lower resistance enough to do it. I don't think I need to get multilated and die on a cross this time around, but definitely I'll have to lose my resistance to "evil" and "bad" -- because they're necessary. when I say lower resistance to them, I really mean no longer fighting against it and allowing the "evil" powers that run the world to continue to doso however they please, because they're doing things the way that earth wants them done -- cause my consciousness (which has chosen to desire/want to feel good) is now going to be the goal for the rest of humankind over the next 1ky.
3. just like how the vast majority of people didn't conform to jesus' perception of reality, neither will the vast majority of people with mine. in fact, at the end of the period, I estimate that nearly all (cept probably one) will not choose/want/desire to feel good about their situation (much like how it is now). in fact, much like the future of chistianity, my perception will be viewed as old and outdated (probably they'll have ways to physically make/manipulate/control feelings, and so using consciousness to make decisions about how I should feel, will be about like using consciousness to fly or manifest demons/fish/animals/etc -- nobody does it anymore, and it's probably going to be best to have the way I feel in reflection/harmony with my environment). I'm designed to become outdated, and that's totally fine.
4. likely the next few years are going to be the collapse of those that think they don't need to pay attention to their emotion and feel good about their situation to move forward in their life will collapse and fall to pieces. mine will too, but I'll always be right -- for at least some period of time, just like the christian church was right for about jesus' form of perception being the right one for about 1ky during the dark ages. I've got to find a way to just start absorbing and not correcting or trying to change anyone -- cause it's going to have large-scale rammifications.
5. it probably starts to kick into high gear here when I turn 42 next year (coincidentally, mom also turns 69 a week earlier -- NICE!) -- and I think the whole thing has its fulcrum around the outdated guys that are manipulating things keeping me away from sex and girls for as long as they can -- then I guess some girl finally shows up and everything goes to hell after that (or so it'll be told).
so, it occurres to me that if these guys are going to continue to hold on to their efforts to keep me away from sex and their inevitable collapse, then it's not likely that getting an apartment with stacey (the woman I spoke of earlier, not my prescriber) is not likely to work out -- especially if they predict that it'll jeapordise their efforts to keep me away from girls. anyway, I hope it does work, cause I like stacey and she's cool -- and also I want mom to get her own space back again.

### 2024-10-24 05:56  - excited to start becoming lower resistance

that dream has a lot of implications to it, and one of the major ones is that I actually have to become low or no resistance over the 14/24y remaining. I'll become highly attractive, much like the centre of the earth is a very good reflection of the source sphere around it, having uncountable amounts of density inside of it, I too will become that as well. so yeah, I guess the name "heavyk" will become a reality. anyway, with that much attraction power, I'll have to become extremely low resistance, otherwise I'll constantly be causing problems for myself. instead, as low resistance, I'll attract the problems instead for other people. mom and I had a long conversation last night about how difficult it is for me to figure out how to do things and not have them affect other people. well, if this dream is true (which I think it is), then my effort to not affect other people is not really a good one because it's not geing to get any better, ever. instead, as I become more dense and attractive, my effect on others will only *increase*, and never decrease. people around me will either have to figure out a way to be around me and also learn to become low resistance (cause they too are going to be high attraction), or go somewhere else. I'm reminded of the complains that I would overhear when I would smoke meth, where people would say that their attraction would increase tremendously, and it would cause them to say and do really undesirable things. well, I think the attraction level of where things were at when I was on meth will be about normal levels in less than a year, only getting more intense from there.
my personal opinion on the subject is that attraction is the thing that others around me are complaining about (I cause them to attract faster), and that's only going to increase, and there's not really anything I (or anyone?) can do about it -- so kinda like ripping a band-aid off quickly is advisable to sitting there for hours on end painfully pulling at it as slow as possible, I think drugs like amphetamines are good to help increase my attraction artificially, cause it's going to happen anyway -- that way *I* (because I got there artificially) pay the consequences of it, not the other person. for example, when I was in spain, I smoked a whole lot of MDMA, which I can see now definitely increased my attraction by a whole lot -- which is why my and others worst fears would manifest so much more rapidly after that and why my experience breaking the car window, going to the mental hospital, and coming home and becoming all of mom's worst fears all were just manifestations of dramatically increased attraction (I guess those drugs are illegal for a reason). I didn't have the skills back then to know that I need to lower resistance and just go with the flow, allowing my actions to be just a reflection (cause a mirror isn't responsible for the light that it emits, because none of it is its own light) and just allowing myself to be a reflection of others makes it a lot easier. for example, I realize now that when I was all super hot for all the little girls, that wasn't actually me -- cause I either don't care, or am mostly scared of them, *that wasn't me*; I was reflecting a bunch of really horny guys that were trying to steer my experience, and that is the manifestation that *they* would have wanted, not me. though, there is something to say about me being able to attract and reflect those ideas, because for me that kind of manifestation would be literally, the embodiment of my greatest fear -- which would be completely losing myself, becoming a reflection of the girls, and never actually getting to know or be myself. so, because it's also my greatest fear, I was capable of attracting it -- which, now looking back on it, I don't really want. it *seemed* like something that I would have thought I wanted, but I definitely don't want that. I really like myself, and being around a bunch of other people (attractive girls or not) who all need someone else to validate them (making me also need them to validate me), is definitely NOT something that I want to be doing.
the other implication of the dream is that the black-mirror-idea is totally dead now too. I can't possibly be the bottom (source is the top) when I'm also the ground. it's kinda like doing drugs -- which I'm also going to have to completely give up on as well -- where when I get high, because I'm the reflector/ground, wben I get high, *everyone else gets high too* -- thereby making everyone else go the faster speed too. it seems that I've become the minimum speed (ie, ground/reflector) for everyone on earth, and so whatever speed I'm going, also affects everyone else. that's probably also why it seems that when my vision improves (ie, I go faster), it too seems to also affect others as well. so, I guess mom is right about me last night: I can't need drugs or any other condition, to make me feel good. I have to figure out how to do it without the drugs, because the drugs are only a condition that I'm using to make me feel good.
    there are different types of drugs; some drugs distort the signal (like a circus mirror), and other drugs are stimulants, accelerating the signal. for example weed distorts the signal greatly, and to some extent is also a stimulant for me, but meth for example doesn't seem to distort much -- just accelerate things. stimulants seem to increase attraction speed, not really affecting too much *what* I'm attracting so there's not a lot of distortion. actually meth does distort the signal a bit when I smoke around others because it picks up the vibe of the people I'm smoking with. however adderall for example doesn't distort much -- just speeds up attraction -- and probably if I were to smoke meth by myself it wouldn't distort much.
so drugs are kinda out. I have to figure out how to feel good without the drug there to make me feel better. I'm probably going to have to quit the adderall too, because I can tell that one is increasing my attraction speed a lot, and the 2-3 days I've been off of it, I have really noticed that my attraction speed is much lower, and mom has commented many times on how much easier I am to be around when I'm not constantly [...] -- because when that speed is faster, I'm fulfilling her fears (of how I'll act/respond) a whole lot faster and stuff. in fact, it's not just drugs that are out, but a whole lot of conditions that are out (including maybe even greasy food), because those seem to be things that affect others a whole lot.
I don't know what exactly I'll do with such a limited lifestyle, but I am actually pretty excited to begin this journey of *actually becoming low resistance*. one of the things that really bothered me about the girls manifestation, black-mirror-idea or any of the other things I came up with, is that I could see those things really clearly when I was artificially stimulated (ie, on drugs) -- and they weren't normal everyday thoughts for me -- and so one of my biggest concerns was that I was getting myself into something that I totally wasn't ready for -- and I'd need to either be on stimulants 100% of the time to see the idea through, or find some other way of artificially increasing my speed. obviously, that makes me extremely conditional, and reliant on those conditions to manifest some thing, I'm clearly not ready for. so, having to give up on those ideas kinda makes me feel a lot better about stuff. I also like that I'm amortizing that time of becoming lower resistance over the next 1ky, instead of trying to use conditions or fit it into an impossible timeframe of 14y. going this way, I can just take it easy and lower resistance at a manageable pace, not really worrying too much about anything. it's also a lot easier for everyone else too, because if I'm the ground/reflector, then that means that everyone else has to lower their resistance too at the same rate, and again, it's become obvious to me that I get a whole lot of pushback when I try to make others go faster than they want to go. I am excited to actually start to feel the way I want to feel, instead of relying on conditions, creative output, or some other external means to make me feel good.

#### 2024-10-25 22:43 - I'll get it next time

I did notice some reactions to the previous entry, cause essentially what I said is that I'm stuck on earth. I've been thinking about the big-picture of it all, and look at it this way: imagine a space with a limit at the top of the space. and that's the top or source of the space. descending downward to the bottom of the space there reaches a point where a "zero-point" is reached, which is also fixed, and we'll consider that the ground/reflector; nothing can go any lower than that (ie, it's zero and everything lower is a negative number). now, between the top of the space and the bottom of the space (ie, the ground/earth) are a bunch of particles that we'll think about like atmosphere -- and these are lots of particles in the middle. some of them arrange into groups like molecules, and some particles/molecules into layers and stuff of various densities, just like it is in the atmospheric layers reaching from ground level on earth infinitely outward into space all the way out till the outer edge of the universe (ie, source, the upper-limit to the space). we can think of that space (ie from ground upward to the top) as the middle and all of the many particles (given an infintite amount of time) are all on their way "back to their source" -- which is just a way of saying that unless there's something on earth that attracts them back down, they'll continue on (over infinite amounts of time of decaying into lighter and lighter particles) will all making their way out/up to the very top.
so, lets say I find a way to go faster (ie raise my vibration and leave the ground), then I too am one of those particles in the middle on its way back to source. however, since I'm the reflector/ground, that means the bottom of the space is going back to it source (or, in visual terms, the earth/ground/bottom is expanding, pushing all of the middle particles upward toward the top). I don't want to do that -- because then I'm pushing others to go faster or some way that they don't want to go. so, instead I have to find a way of becoming more or less static. I don't know how to do that yet, and I'll eventually find a solution.
in one form of thinking, it seems obvious that the saturnian guys who don't want to change should continue to run the earth and ensure that's completely static, -- which seems like the obvious answer (at least it was the obvious one to me), but they're not really very reflective at all, so it's not really a viable solution. I am quite reflective, which is why I'm the ground/earth/bottom.
in the opposite form of thinking, why not follow the plan that I had where I do the whole pen-rose thing mixed with the DNA stuff to ensure that my speed increase is so slow (cause it's divided amongst a whole bunch of race of beings) that it may as well be neglegible. then, when the earth pops out the star in the middle, we become the reflector and earth (now a lighter partlcle) becomes one of the middles. that does seem to be one of the most obvious ways to go, but I think there are a number of difficulties with that, namely that the present saturnian system doesn't want to go anywhere, so if the reflector were to gain any distance from earth, they would automatically go faster, and that's just not something that I want to force them to do. they seemingly don't want to go any faster, so that means they don't want any distance at all, and a super massive star floating in this solar system would be REALLY BAD -- so I've got to wait until they want to go faster for them to want to go faster.
    on that subject, their speed seems to be directly tied to technology, and there are some people with really high tech stuff and then there are those with a lot of really low tech stuff too (the slow ones). well, the problem is, if their speed is related to tech, then that means that all the earth people (ie, the ones in the saturnian-system) will all have to be at a much higher tech than me (the reflector). I'm already at a pretty low tech myself, not having access to nosebook or any of that other stuff, but all of my efforts to increase tech for myself or for others has been met with considerable resistance. also, there are other major hurdles too, like the majority of earth (africa, india, etc) are (so I've heard anyway) in lower tech situations than I'm in now. they need to be going faster than me for the black-mirror-idea to work -- but obviously that's an enormous hurdle because it seems to me that a large portion of the tops in the present day saturnian-system have a tendency to try and hold others in inferior tech and financial situations.
    the only way that I can think of (which I'm not willing to do) is to push the saturnian tops to all go faster, such that all of the 4th-ray guys bite the dust and get phased out, replaced by 2nd-ray guys instead, where they actually are interested in improvement for others. I'm not really wanting to push anyone to do anything, and I suppose that's kinda what happened when I smoked meth, MDMA, and when I was watching stars as well. it seems that when I go faster like that (through stars, meth, or some other strong stimulant), it causese *everyone* to go faster -- and I watched how on the streets after smoking meth, there would be a lot of people that would seemingly disappear. I don't know if they died, destroyed theirselves, destroyed each other, or what happened to them (or maybe they caught COVID), but it seems that they perhaps couldn't handle the new minimum speed. if that's the case, then it's possible that what I could do to force the saturnian-system into a middle position, is to do a whole bunch of meth or some other similar drug, increasing the speed of everyone on earth until only kids and those that can handle the speed are left. I'm going back to adderall on sunday, and I don't know if that'll have a similar effect, but it could have a gradual effect of pushing the whole world to go faster (I'm not really sure). either way, I'm not going to be doing any drugs unless I have a serious conversation with someone about the subject, because I'm not interested in pushing anyone in any way.
instead, what I've noticed is that similarly to the first style of thinking, I'm actually going in the direction of everything being taken away from me. I've noticed that every single thing that I've ever created, all of the (good) ideas I've had, and anythting influential that I've done has been rewritten in such a way so that my effect/influence on the world and other people is neutralised completely. I don't get any recognition for my ideas or work, and seemingly everything that would have an increasing technological effect on the world (ie, they would go faster so I can be reflector) is replaced with similar ideas which simply don't work very well or even at all. I get it that they want me to be the reflector, but if they want me to be the reflector and not use symbolic tech to go faster, then they also find a way to get the rest of humankind to go faster (or die).
what's happening doesn't make all that much sense to me, cause what appears to be happening is that I'm being prepared to be stuck on earth with the sun -- which is sorta the opposite of any of these plans. I don't really mind that I have to waste a whole bunch of time, because as I mentioned yesterday, I'm really not ready at all, and there's no way I'm going to try and do an idea that only exists for me when I'm going faxter than I normally go (ie, usually when I'm on drugs). if I'm doing that idea, the faster speed that's necessary for me to get the idea off of the ground has to become the minimum speed for humankind -- and as I said, I don't want to push others to do anything, so I'll let the saturnian tops do that if that's what they want.
instead, what it looks like for me, is complete disintegration of all of my material life as I pass these next few decades, turning into ... something conceptual -- dunno what, but something. if I had to guess what it'll be (given the current trajectory of things), it appears that I will become a concept of myself which will manifest as many diverse individuals (ie many kens) here on earth, and likely instead of doing the pen-rose distributed over a disk, that can instead be remapped to a pen-rose over a sphere (ie earth) as we become the earth individuals which kinda just start taking over down here, forcing everyone else to either stay and hang out with me/us, or find a way to get off of the planet theirselves -- perhaps repurposing my black-mirror-idea for their own requirements and pleasure as earth launches many new moons (which itself, all being perpendicular to its axis will also create another disk -- so not just one new dim5nsion for them, but TWO -- for the price of one -- VERY NICE!). I don't really care so much either way how it works out, but it seems that the goal for me is to simply just keep doing what I'm doing and lowering resistance and raising my own vibration, until it's intolerable for them to stay here and they all jump in their SpaceX rockets and launch off to mars or something -- dunno what they have in mind, honestly. after some time, the next great solar year will end, and I'll try again on the black-mirror-idea next time. no big deal :)

### 2024-10-29 9:00 - to drug or not to drug

I took a week off from all drugs except caffiene, and what I noticed is that life started to get really easy. there's a definite ease that I notice when I'm sober like that, which makes it really start to feel like if I don't do something about it, things will start to manifest -- and when I say things, I mean generally, as in stuff that I want to see happen (like even the shower idea or whatever). it just feels as if there's not a whole lot of resistance to anything anymore -- and talking to people is easy too (for example, mom said that this last week or so I've been a very different person -- much easier to be around). however, I went back onto adderall last sunday (2024-10-27) and it really chilled me out -- however, I've really had a lot of thoughts about taking drugs since then. I smoked a drag of stacy's cigarette (the one I met in AccuDetox), and have generally had the idea of doing drugs on my mind a lot more ever since. the thing is, I've stopped smoking weed, so when I'm contemplating taking drugs to experience a different reality, I don't really know what drug I mean, because I don't have access to MDMA or anything else. the only other drug I have access to (besides opiates) is meth -- but I'm not sure that's going to be m5 drug of choice for periodically taking a trip away from reality. so my major conflict is: do I stop all drugs and start letting things manifest -- or, do I stay on drugs (including adderall) and find a different drug than weed to get another perspective of reality on? I don't really know.
the other thing I'm a little bit unsure on is that the life that I'm living right now is very dissatisfying. I play games exclusively with m/ spare time now, not really hanging out with others (cause we'd usually smoke weed), and this really isn't a life that I want to live for any extended period of time. sure it's fine for a bit, but I have to find a way to be creative or go exploring (ie, have some form of novelty (which is interesting to me)) -- usually mentally. typically, if I don't have creative output or the ability to go into some other unexplored place (ie, like a drug experience), then I tend to start to cause problems. I've learned to not cause problems now, and instead put that energy into something creative (or do drugs), so I'm not really a troublemaker anymore, because I don't *need* others (or some experience) to make me feel better. I have been getting really a lot better at feeling the way I want to feel, so I suppose it's possible, that instead of doing drugs or whatever, I could choose to feel a different way -- which is what I'm going to try this week -- but then again, if I'm choosing to feel the way I want to feel, there's no reason for me to be on adderall or even to drink caffiene. I think I've either got to quit it all (and just feel the way I want to feel), or find a drug that placates my mind a bit. mom still wants to put me into a facility, and I just can't really see myself spending years completely sober, just feeling the way I want to feel. we'll see.

### 2024-11-19 21:36 - a new lifestyle

I've still been thinking about the [visualisation exercises](/visualisation-discussion.md), because as I've been learning the dbt stuff, I'm realising that visualising (or any kind of positive thinking/expectations) is more on the output side of things. the dialectic that dbt presents is one of willingness and willfulness. the idea here is that willingness is like receptive/allowing/pull and willfulness is emissive/forceful/push. I'm a pretty willful person and have been all of my life. I tend to dominate reality, in that what I want (weather or emotion) tends to follow what I'm putting out there. I like it when things go my way. it's nice to have good weather, and it's nice to be able to change a situation to be how I want it to be. dbt teaches that neither end of the dialectic is the "right" way, but that both exist and have their place -- so, I'm learning to both input and output, instead of predominitaly outputting. however, lately I've really been trying to figure out this only-attraction thing, because dbt is great and works well for the vulcan (-5+) and saturnian (+-4) in perception, because it includes dbt tries to get the person to *balance* the dialectics through effective behaviour. I've noticed that there are a whole lot of things that dbt teaches, which I don't fully align with though -- and so because I felt like dbt was wrong (or not what I wanted), I started to work on my own version called "mothership connection". initially I did an 11 slide presentation and showed it to naomi, just so that she could see how I see the same subject. the major differences between dbt and msc is that without realising it, I made msc the first implementation of only-attraction mindset.
essentially, I am the centre of my reality, and I'm completely responsible for everything in it. **it's all attraction** -- which means that since I don't really have a way to really go out and affect change, the only thing I can do is change myself -- which means that I use my perception entirely to attract a new reality. at the very least, I have to radically accept my reality, because I'm not going to go out and try to affect change. all things perceived have a feeling responce to them, and those feelings essentially tell me the quality of that perception. I am the only person that I can change, so I must find a way to perceive the reality around me in a way that I can identify with. so, let's say there's a person that's bothering me -- well, whatever it is that's bothering me, is *my fault*. there is a way for me to find a way of becoming neutral, and no longer letting the person bother me -- or let's say that they're hurting me. that kind of reality has a lot of inertia to it, so I may not be able to change my perception of that person very rapidly, *but* I can change how I perceive myself. I may see myself as a victim to their hurtfulness or whatever -- and sure, if they would stop, it would be better -- but it's my core belief/perception of myself that I'm a victim to them (or those types of people) which is what I need to change. at some point, I'll no longer perceive myself as a victim to their stuff, and it'll stop (or it'll no longer bother me). in either case, I don't require anyone else to change at all, no matter how bad it is (ie, how much inertia that perceived reality has).
in a sense, [and I hadn't really realised this unitil just now] msc requires the person to essentially lose a whole lot of their beliefs about theirself and other things. beliefs are an output/willfulness style of perception, where I'm causing reality to conform to my beliefs (good or bad). additionally, msc also leads the person to lose a whole lot of their identity as well. identity is built up on top of beliefs, and those beliefs shape the definition of how I present myself to the world: if I believe myself to be one way, that is the way that *I AM*, and I have to ensure that I conform to the definition that I give myself. msc, however does not define oneself in such a way. the way that I am doesn't matter at all, because I navigate reality based on my perception -- which essentially is how I *feel* about myself, and everything around me. anyone can define me any way that they choose -- and (without any beliefs of my own), I'll be inclined to conform to their beliefs of who I am. their beliefs are their output, so that creates a reality according to their own output beliefs/specification, which will (to me) have a feeling that I either like or dislike. I trust my feelings, which means I' not going toward/continuing in a direction of feelings that I don't like. the other option, is to adjust my perception in a way where the defined reality that I'm in (cause I'm aiming to no longer have any more beliefs), is a reality that I can feel good about. there's almost always a good aspect of something somewhere (it's impossible that something feels *entirely* undesirable), so it is possible (because every wave travels both directions) to find something in every thing/belief which can be perceived as wanted.
I'm still working on trying to figure out how to present msc in a format that works for me, but the only-attraction form of perception is the direction that I'm heading. I keep wanting to try and find a thing that I can *do* or *create* (which is output) -- and I'm slowly realising that just isn't in the future for me. my job, it looks like, will be to organise my thoughts and stuff here, but mostly I'll just be experiencing other people and finding a way to perceive the reality that I'm presented with in a way that feels neutral/good to me.
	what feels good to me is going to be slightly different than what feels good to other people because I have a slightly different source than everyone else does -- so some forms of perception will resonate with me more than with others. since I'm the centre of my reality, not pushing anything away, selfishness is the most important here, which means that I have to start to figure out what feels good to me. honestly, I haven't really done much of that, because when it comes to a whole lot of the stuff that feels good to other people, I don't always share the same opinion. I may have to take a negative approach to this idea as well -- be totally cool with stuff that's neutral to good feeling, only avoiding (at first) and transforming all bad feeling into something that feels better or neutral (ie, observe/non-judgemental).
I don't know if this new lifestyle will start to take effect next week, because again, something about oakshire. oakshire does seem like a great place for me to be around a whole lot of other people practising my only-attraction perspective, and maybe trying to get msc constructed in a logical enough way meanwhilst I'm there just kinda hanging out. it may be the case that (to quote green day) this may be the dawning of the rest of my life, on holiday. I dunno really. I really want to figure out how to get this msc stuff down better -- maybe make two versions of it too the balanced (both input and output) and the only-attraction versions -- cause I doubt anyone will want to take it to the extreme that I'm taking it of only-attraction (though there may be a few who also want to be 1st-ray in perception, I suppose). we'll see.

### 2024-11-25 13:03 - just floating

today I had a pretty good (though not as good as other times) discussion with naomi, and then later my father called. combining the two conversations that we had together, I really started to be able to put to words all of the things that I tried to express in the last entry. with dad, the conversation was a whole lot more concrete because he wanted to know specifically if I was going to come to utah or not. originally (a few months ago) I'd expressed the desire to go to utah because I saw it as the way that I could maybe work on my genetics idea and stuff like that -- but since then, as I've done the dbt course and started to work out my own ideas about how to go from a balance of two extremes (a la vulcan or saturn) -- which I sorta have to do in physical reality anyway, I've realised that my present situation simply isn't allowing me to output anymore. it really seems as if there's tremendous effort to ensure that I influence the world as little as possible. I'm totally cool with that (now), and don't really care that's what's happening. I don't need to leave my mark or anything else. I know that it's all attraction anyway, so anything that is attempting to block me isn't actually a blocker.
	with naomi, I gave the example of the belief that we have that things are solid. if I didn't believe those things, then my hand would be able to pass through solid matter. the things that I'm constantly confronted with are the same thing. when they buup up against me or give me the illusion that I can't go that direction (like make a social network or showers for the homeless, or whatever), then that's just a belief that tells me that there's a solid object there and I can't go any further. from there dbt teaches that I have 4 options: I can either try and affect change, getting the wall moved or something, find a way to feel good about it, accept it for how it is, not needing it to change, or stay miserable. of those options, the middle two (feeling good about it how it is, or accepting it) don't require the thing to change -- and I posit that just feeling different about it means that I'm adjusting my perception so that I no longer to feel it as a solid impassible thing, but instead something else.
so instead of trying to affect change or anything, I've begun to refocus myself, seeing the things that I would consider as blockers, instead as an opportunity to become whmt I really want to be. I realise that it'll continue to be the case that anything that I try and make a certain way according to my expectations/beliefs, will get "blocked". it's definitely the case that I'm no longer interested in trying to output anymore. I don't need to shape the world to my beliefs because that's not what I'm looking to be. as I've been writing [mothership-connection's outline](/mothership-connection/outline.md), I've really been noticing that I'm becoming the masculine version of the earth girls. inotherwords, I'm becoming a masculine reflector.
	I will be sorta like the superconsciousness for the many versions of myself. that style of perception already exists in earth, with anatau (-1) being the superconsciousness for all of the individual implementations of the aphrodites (-7). it's actaully a bit more complicated than that because there are also the XX vulcans and mars which are sorta like symbolic layers on top of the bottom-up/galactic perspective (-5+) and the anu (+1) perspective of 1st-ray emitters. at any rate, the thing that I'll eventually become is an extension to all of that, with myself being a reimplementation of the (+1) anu perspective -- where, I'm becoming a reflection of everything that I'm believed to be.
in order to become a masculine reflector like that, I've been lowering down all of my output. that allows me to essentially be whatever anyone believes me to be -- and that's not really useful for most of the men (which is why I think there's going to be a sort of separation), but for all the women out there, this is a really great thing. the kens will take on (become a reflection of) everything that they believe -- so if a woman thinks that she's really not very good at stuff and just wants to be sorta away from others scrutiny, then that's what I/ken will be like -- and if she thinks of herself as a business superstar, ken will take that on from her as well. anything that she thinks she is or defines herself to be, ken will reflect that and be the same. that's a really great thing for a lot of women out there, because in the world that we live in, women don't really define theirselves a whole lot -- and when they do, their definition often times conflicts with some other man's definition of who she is -- so she's constantly fighting and having to conform to others definitions of her. instead of that, wouldn't it be nice if she (like barbie said) could be the creator/imaginer and not the creation? as I lower my resistance (ie, everything I believe and all of my expectations), then she's going to be able to become the creator, not the created. I'll take on the definition of whatever she believes me to be -- and then she can learn that it's often times easier to recognise herself in others.
so, what I was explaining to dad and naomi is that I simply cannot try and define myself anymore. I'm whatever anyone wants me to be. I take on their definition now, no longer needing to conform to any self-identity that I have. sure, it's going to be the same thing that happened to aphrodite in the past, where over time, she forgets her ability to feel the way she wants to feel (maybe when she's young she still has the ability), but she eventually loses herself to others' definitions of her, becoming whatever they think she is -- which is fine, because eventually the same thing will eventually happen: a female emitter, who's been so strongly defined to be a certain way, will eventually have to come to a conclusion like I've done that she just wants to feel and percieve things the way she wants to feel. inotherwords, by separating myself out into a bunch of kens and letting them fail tremendously by becoming a reflector of a bunch of women that have low opinions/beliefs about theirselves, I'll eventually find someone that is actually like me -- and then the cycle repeats? I dunno. either way, I like the idea of becoming a refletor and just sorta drifting around -- cause whatever it is that I'm attracting will eventually find its way to me.
I find the attractive lifestyle to be really easy, where I don't have to do much more than just go with the flow and everything is provided for me. I used to think that I wanted the world to be different and to try and find others that are like me -- but he reality is, there aren't any others like me out there. I don't want to try and teach them to be like me either, so instead I'll just let them learn for theirselves, basically by having to deal with someone like theirselves -- but who's the opposite. I don't really want to try and make the world a reflection of myself anymore. the world can just have me and define me the way they want me to be.

#### 2024-11-25 15:05 - more thoughts on m/ reasoning

most of this will be a reiteration of my conversation with dad,-- cause essentially it comes down to the fact that I don't really have much of a choice anymore. when I became homeless, I realised that I really liked not having to actually worry about working and stuff like that. my job, essentially was just to walk from service to service. I could also see that I wasn't the only one that had that thinking either -- as the majority of the homeless that I encountered were pretty much the same way too: they didn't want to have to fit into the social system anymore, and just basically wanted to do the minimal that's necessary to exist. during their existence, it seemed that the majority of them liked to do drugs and find conditions that would make them feel good.
	philosphically, I'm opposed to the idea of making it easier for people to get conditions (drugs/sex/etc) to compensate for their own lack of perception (ie, the drug can make me feel good when I believe that the whole world is collapsing around me) -- but that's the perspective that I have for myeself now (I don't want to rely on the drug to do something I don't feel capable of doing myself) -- and I've stopped trying to get others to do things the way that I think they should be perceived. if others want to depend on drugs to feel better or whatever, that's not my choice. I also noticed that the way that medicare and medicaid works, is to essentially provide a drug fix for just about everything, allowing people a way to ignore their own perception (just using the drug to feel better) and the pharmaceuticals to cash in bigtime on the situation. I figure if the big pharma is in the business of letting people mask their problems by giving them drugs, then there should be no problem with what I want to do also -- because really in the end they're gaining millions of users (of drugs or a website doesn't matter), and that's their outreach method. I'm not going to try and push against their marketing strat. they want more users -- more time spent on their drugs, and more dependence on the services that they offer. to me, I don't see the effort to get everyone hooked on their drug (whether it's facebook tiktok or whatever), because it's just the way that things are done now in the style of society that we live in.
	from the very beginning, I tried to make it as easy as possible for many of the major corps to be able to capitalise off of the "return to nomadic lifestyle" -- because it's important for all of that to be there and possible for it to be a success. in m/ present state of mind, I see no reason why there couldn't be more and more corporations (of which the USA is one of them) to be able to steer and capitalise off of their users. in the end, it's kind of a win-win for both sides, because for example, I get to have all of these services provided for me, and so long as I go along with their program (ie, I use spotify/facebook/tiktok/youtube in the way that they offer it), then I'm just using the service that they offer me. I don't care that they have my data or are making money off of me. I just want to listen to music, keep up with friends, and watch videos. they benefit off of having me as a user, and I benefit by having the content that they offer provided to me free of charge. I know (looking at pharma and medicaid) that it's possible for corps to be able to profit giving drugs to people for free. I also know it's possible with social networks and stuff too, so I wanted to try and extend that idea to make it possible for a person to be able to acquire *all* of their necessities for living in the same way that facebook, youtube, and google is free. after having made a social network myself, I realised that it's totally possible for there to be a win-win relationship between the corporation providing the service and the user -- so, I personally buy-in completely to the idea that all of reality can be provided for "free" at this point. there are enough resources that it's completely possible -- and so, really the only thing that's necessary is to ensure that the providers of those services are on a completely different social and economic standing. what I mean is, it's quite likely that the "nomads" and the "providers" will be using different currencies, and different systems of communication. there may be some overlap, but it's pretty obvious to me that it's already that way -- so why not just turn it into a thing?
the thing that really captured me about the homeless lifestyle, is that I can essentially just do what I want to do, and I'm around enough different types of people, that I noticed that my horizons were constantly being expaneded. for example, I'd never considered how the mixture of fat and muscle constitutes a good beef/meat cut -- but I learned about that just listening to a guy out there. I also noticed that there were some people that I never interacted with me, and they seemed to have no desire to interact with me either -- so in a sense, just like how I wanted social networking to expand, I noticed that the people that I was around would come and go, and the ones that would remain hanging around me were the ones that I had some amount of affinaty with. those were the people that actually wanted to hang around me, and me around them (at least for a little bit, because I noticed that nobody lasted too long). it was really nice be essentially "try out" what it's like to be around a bunch of different people, learning from them and stuff. I could see how if it were more easy and accessible to be homeless (ie, we didn't need to all go to the same services and places cause there were more options), then I'd end up finding myself around more and more people who I'd like to be around. if I wanted to go somewhere else, it should be (because I'm homeless) pretty easy to just go somewhere else (cause I want to try hanging around a different group of people).
however, the homeless idea, and a whole lot of other ones (even feeling the reactions to my idea on making an [only-input AI](/aye-eye/only-input-network.md)) were met with a lot of resistance. it felt like if I were to be around other people, I'd influence them too much, or if I were to create something, then that would cause there to be some sort of destabilisation of some kind.
	my personal opinion on this is that I like improvements, and the saturnian-system isn't really in the business of allowing anything to allow anyone to go too fast. ie, it'd be really awesome to have tesla technology where everything is wireless, but instead of that (for whatever reason) the terrible terrible entity at the top of the saturnian-system doesn't want anything to go too quickly forward with too much wanted, and instead wants to exhaust all routes of unwanted before it's absolutely impossible not to go any other way than a slight improvement. I see it all over the place in science to technology -- and at first it really annoyed me that we wouldn't go towards the obviously wanted way of doing it, but now after giving AI and a whole lot of other things (my own case of the many kens), I realise that going for maximum unwanted and letting the improvement happen naturally, only after there's sufficient desire for the improvement, is actually the better way to go. so, I've completely backed off on trying to get any improvement to go through at this point.
		there's actually good reason not to go toward improvements -- and that's because improvements, or the 2nd-ray perspective will often times skip over a thing (just like when I have eyes on a goal, it's easy to overlook something (maybe it's even a better thing) just right beside it, because I'm so fixated on the thing that I want, I couldn't see the other thing). additionally, realisation of unwanted always/usually produces an unexpected or unlikely solution -- so to ignore the unwanted, going directly toward the wanted kinda shortcuts the path. for example, in my own life -- in prior repositories (heavyk), I outlined a whole lot of ideas that I had come to, and those ideas are the (2nd-ray) perspective of the things that I thought I wanted. if I had've gone out into the desert and had my conversion experience out there, I wouldn't have had the homeless experience, and I wouldn't have had the adderall experience either. both of those have greatly expanded my horizons and my understanding of what I want. back then, I didn't really comprehend the 1st-ray perspective in the same way that I do now, so I'm really glad that I didn't get the opportunity to go right toward making the thing (in short, I'm becomming the thing I thought I wanted to create). instead, I've realised that future (of creating the kens) is inevitable (attraction ensures that), and because it's what I want -- so it will eventually happen (just like everyone always realises their greatest desires and fears as reality at the end of their life) -- so why speed toward the inevitable? why not just enjoy the ride there? I don't want to fight these guys at all anymore, and have decided to just float in the direction that they want to push me to go (cause I'm guaranteed to get there anyway) -- so what I want to do is to try and *delay that manifestation for as long as possible*. the reason is obvious: the more time that elapses before I get there, the more energy is packed into the manifestation, but also the more I'm coming to new realisations and conclusions about what it is that I want. if the manifestation happens any sooner, then I'll miss/overlook something because I went too fast for it. by ensuring that the manifestation is completely a manifestation of how I feel about it (ie, no doubts or feelings of unreadiness, like I have now), it's necessary for all blocks to no longer be perceived as blocks anymore. I want to be fully like the dumb blonde that's just like, "OK, sure honey whatever you want" -- and then go along with whatever -- beczuse I too (just like the dumb blonde) am much more than just this one single body, and I'm constantly being attracted to becoming the most attractive thing in the universe (even though I may believe otherwise for whatever reason).
	so, instead of going for improvements (2nd-ray perspective), I've instead opted to have the vulcan (-5+) perspective where I'm learning to *balance* my input and output extremes -- more specifically my output side, because my input/willingness/receptive side of me will continue to increase -- however, I still live in a man's world where output is everything -- so I still define myself all the time, but they're more like temporary definitions, rather than forever definitions. I have to make those definitions because of where I am, so instead of defining myself in a specific way, my definitions are becoming more general and conceptal. for example, instead of saying that I'm an honest person, I define myself as a person that tries to communicate clearly and openly making my perspective as easy to understand and empathize with as possible. that's far easier of a definition to be than "an honest person" -- because I often times say stuff that's not correct or honest, and it's not because I'm trying to pull something over on the other person, just that they (usually) cannot hear what I really want to say, so their own desire (to not be hurt/understood, or to be hurt/understood) causes me to say things in a way that's different than what I would normally otherwise say (even this document is a repeat of my conversation with naomi and dad, but it's coming out in words that make sense to me, not to them. I'm not being dishonest to dad or naomi, just trying to communicate with them in the most effective way possible; in a way that feels most like they understand (adjusted to fit them in real-time by my effective function -- whereas this document is only has my own effective function going -- the one where I feel like I'm expressing the idea in a way that is meaning for to me, or someone who's read and comperhended everything I've written up to this point in the way that I actually meant it -- which is basically only myself)).
so, instead of trying to make the world offer me a lifestyle where I can just float along and be as low resistance as possible (the nomadic lifestyle), I had to try and get that idea to go through (just like tuenti) to realise that it isn't actually what I want. though it'd be really cool to live that nomadic lifestyle, it would require so many changes, that it's just not possible for the saturnian-system to be able to allow something like that. so, I just have to let it go. I can't make the world provide a place for me to just float around like that -- because it's pretty likely that the problem with that lifestyle is actually I'm having too much influence on others, and that's not really desirable. instead, (because I've really learned how to be able to feel any way that I want to feel), I probaly (keeping in line with the idea of not putting too much pressure on the saturnian-system) need to find a place where I have as little influence on others as possible. I felt like it could be oakshire, because there I feel like I'm not really going to have much of an effect at all -- and because I have to be around a lot of other people that are very not at all similar-minded to me, I don't feel like there's much of an opportunity for any runaway feedback loops, that happens when I get around someone else that's too similar to me, where I amplify their concepts and they amplify mine. oakshire may not be the place for me though.
I'm not really sure what my destination will be though, and I'm trying to figure this out, because it seems that no matter where I go, I start to have an effect on the people there. so, for example as I'm going to friendly harbor, the groups and people that are are there talk about a lot of subjects that I've given a lot of thought to -- which means that I can offer my opinion/beliefs as to what the underlying mechanism is to things like addiction, depression, and general percceptions about self and others. I'm not always right in my analysis, but I notice even in the few weeks since [the peak of my good-feeling experienced there](/earth-connection.md#2024-11-08-2157---huge-realisation), I've really started to notice a change in the way that I'm interfacing with people. I think that's generally unwanted (from the saturnian-system's perspective of no real improvement) -- and I don't really know how much I'm broadcasted out, so I don't know how much the thoughts and ideas I express there are spreading, so I don't know how much it'll have to be balanced out (because the saturnian-system is all about balance, so for every unit of wanted that happens one place, there needs to be another amount of unwanted to balance it out -- and that balance has to be maintained, until the peple involved are consciously making the decision that they want to go toward wanted -- at which point, there's no way to stop the move toward unwanted anymore, and progress has to be made). anyway, let's say that they are being broadcasted out, that means that once that person starts to contemplate the idea that I brought up, they will begin to attract that concept into their own life, allowing them to prove or disprove the concept for theirself, coming to *their own conclusion* (not mine, or just cause I said so) of what they think about that concept (creating their own concept theirself).
I'm really trying to become more and more passive, telling others less and less of what I think -- however, from time to time (and I think it's because of attraction), I really just feel like telling others what I think is happening (I really think it's attraction, because the explanation/conversation goes well and feels received -- and my effective function isn't going off all the time saying, "they're not getting it"). so, I'm really trying to find a way to kinda isolate myself or go somewhere where I have as little of an effect as possible. the problem really is, right now I'm in an english-language speaking world, and it's really easy for me to express myself and my ideas in english -- cause for example when I was in spain, I had to express myself in spanish (cause most of them didn't speak english), so I was strongly incapable of expressing my world-view to others, because I had to do it in a language that doesn't express abstract concepts very easily. if I could go somewhere where I was surrounded by a bunch of other people that don't speak english, and have to work on something (or something to keep m/ focus) on a subject that doesn't involve concepts such as attraction or things that I've given a lot of attention to (or have nothing to do with attraction like sewing or factory work), then I'd be unable to really express myself to them, thereby minimising my effect on others. -- I'll keep thinking of more ideas of how I can reduce my effect, but that's all I have for now.

#### 2024-11-25 20:05 - the obvious destination would be china

in the previous entry, at the end, I started to brainstorm a bit, because I was reminded of how when I was in spain, I continued to grow (though in a different way than I am now) but I didn't really push out my ideas onto other people -- mostly because I was around a whole bunch of alpha dudes that didn't much care about how I saw the world, and also there was a huge language barrier between us. even though a lot of them could speak english, it was an english capable of working and being cooperative in a defined setting. it wasn't the kind of english where I was able to have philosophical discussions with abstract ideas and the like. therefore, I m6stly just kept my world-view to myself. I did have a lot of really positive expectations for the site that I just couldn't convey to zaryn or the rest, because I could see this really big concept in my head (obviously with a lot of the parts of the picture still pretty vague), but the concept still remained, and (at the time) I was fully convinced that I'd be able to do it. I arrived to spain having relatively litle programming experience and very little knowledge of networking, sockets, and databases -- but I was sure that I could learn them and also create the system that I wanted to create. it wasn't even a question for me -- and yet dispite that, I had to listen to zaryn's constant fears and stuff about whatever happening. I often times wanted to try and communicate the picture that I could see to zaryn -- so I would often times try and explain to him my world-view about positive expectation and stuff like that, but it really didn't go too far. he had his way of doing things, and it seemed to be working (we were having tons of success), so I just kinda sat back and watched how zaryn would push things through and get things done, thinking that was the way to go about things. after all, not much of what zaryn did was too incompatible with my world-view, so I just went with it and did things his way. as a result, most of what I did was try and learn from all the alpha guys how to be alpha, and (seemingly) not worry at all about whatever everyone else was doing, just pushing my way forward.
	often times when zaryn would come to me with his fears about facebook translating into spanish, I'd remind him of how much it doesn't matter at all. we're just going to do our own thing and keep innovating. he liked the innovating word, because it meant that we had features and capabilities that facebook didn't have -- and I liked that word too because I had a lot of novel ideas that I wanted to do, which facebook didn't have -- which was nice. the thing is that I didn't really have (even in english) the capability of being able to communicate to zaryn (or others) how much it didn't matter what facebook was doing. because we're small and aglile still, we can do new things that they can't. I tried to prove to him that the way that they would act in the discos, giving the impression that they were just doing their own thing, not caring at all about what the girls were doing was the same (alpha) attitude that we needed to have on the website -- because that's kinda how it is. I'd constantly tell him that he shouldn't be constantly going and doing what the investors wanted and requested, but instead show dominance (it is "our" website afterall where we were the decision-makers, not the investors -- cause the whole thing we did in the original deal is that we we only came over to do the website as long as we were in control of its direction) and instead make the investors *come to him* (as if he's the one that's calling the shots, not them) -- but I really got tired of constantly reminding zaryn that he's the top dawg. I think they made him feel good taking him to these posh discos and spending a lot of money, effectively buying his belief that they were somehow superior to him in the decisions that were to be made. obviously, after countless zaryn nights, I just couldn't keep up with the drinking and trying to convince zaryn that he needs to *actually be the alpha* -- and routinely he would take away more and more of my decision-making capability, requiring everything that I/we wanted to do, to be approved by upper management (which was no longer zaryn, but a whole bunch of other guys that would ensure that none of the good ideas we had would go anywhere). I just didn't have enough people in upper-management on my side, to where I could effectively run things the way I wanted, as an extension of my form of perception (ie, when I was in charge, the thing went through quickly, but as soon as upper-management got ahold of it, it'd slow down to a halt). in my form of perception, ideas could be turned into reality really quickly -- and when I was the guy in charge, it was that way. the first thing they had to do was to ensure that I was no longer in charge -- and since the other upper-management guys didn't know anything technical, I had to have a technical boss that would torpedo all good ideas in a technical way -- saying things like, "that's not possible" or "that's not something we can do/afford" -- stuff like that -- when my perspective is that *anything* that we want to do is possible -- just we have to find the way to do it. time and time again, we see all throughout history that the guy that says "this isn't possible" or is a hater of some novel idea is routinely proven wrong with time, when not only does that thing become possible, but also the normal way of doing things (like the guy who said that radio would never catch on, or quaternians, or ... (there are so many examples)) -- so I've just always learned to tune the guy who says something isn't possible out -- cause eventually it *does become possible*. it's pretty much a routine pattern, and so maybe something isn't possible now, doesn't mean that it's impossible forever. there's usually a hardware solution that makes it possible too. so, in my mind, *all things are possible* -- just it takes a bit of time to find the way sometimes. I wish I could have distilled that form of thinking into upper-management, because then we wouldn't be looking at impossibilities, but instead a growing list of new things that we want to innovate on, yet we're just waiting for an easy way to make those things possible. also, the idea that things should be constantly getting faster and improving looking over the long-term. there are always inefficiencies that are introduced as clutter accumulates, but over time, those cluttered things are eventually rewritten into something that performs better and is conceptually clearer in code (I'm reminded of how jonathan blow programs).
anyway, so as I was walking around just now, I was thinking about what this would look like, and what my objectives are. so, let's say that somehow magically I ended up in china -- I'd want to be in a pretty rural place where there aren't any/many english-speaking people, forcing me to learn *their language*, and not just doing everything in english. the reason for that is so that I'm so busy learning basic interactions and their cultural syntax (which probably has a lot of expectations that I'll naturally trip over), that I'm not really putting my ideas out there -- and that also limits me to just conversing in really basic information transmission, like ordering food, responding to things in a polite way, asking for necessities and stuff like that. however, that's all well and good, but the difficulty that I have with the symbols that their language has (I really can't see well enough and neither have a visual memory that can remember them), means that I'll be essentially unable to write -- and writing is really where I shine, because my brain just isn't really fast enough to be able to speak (for example, in spanish I can write at least 5-10x better than I can speak, mostly because I have more time to process what's been written, and come up with a somewhat thought out response). if I'm only able to speak, I'll really have a very very difficult time. I imagine I'll probably be able to learn something to where I can kinda communicate a little bit -- but again, it was really hard for me to learn spanish only in voice. it wasn't until I started to write spanish, that I actually started to learn it -- so again, that feels like quite a significant barrier that I'm not really sure that I'll be able to overcome in a reasonable amount of time. I'll probably spend many many years completely in the dark without the ability to write the language. that'll obviously cause me to want to try and build my own system for writing their language that doesn't require a visual memory that I don't have -- so there I go becoming 2nd-ray again, which I don't really want to do.
the next thing I noticed while I was walking and thinking about this idea, is that when I take myself and put myself into a large city in china (I move myself there mentally), I can feel a strong sense of this mentality of production -- and ways to produce the required things in a certain type of way. it's a strange feeling that I don't really experience in europe at all, and definitiely not in the states either. mixed in along with it are a whole bunch of other things. the thing about that feeling, is that I'll really catch on to that feeling -- and it's one of those feelings that allows the body to move and produce in a way that's not normally felt in the western world.
	tracing the feeling, I actually believe that the feeling originates from the pyramids that are located all around china. pyramids are dimensional structures that take energy coming up from the earth, and then bouncing around inside of the structure, they take on a shape -- usually accompanied by a box or "sarcophagus" that is filled with a highly attractive thing (like CO2 or something like that) -- and so as earth's energies (ie, protons) bounces around in the structure, they begin to resonate at a number of different wavelengths (of the dimensions of the structure) -- and that becomes the "astral" dimension that the pyramid puts out. it's strongly linked to resonant structures inside of the DNA, and those vibrations essentially give extra energy to certain DNA structures with similar resonance patterns.
	as I looked into the vibration, it seems strongly correlated with this sort of undefined (meaning that they don't have a physical definition like the white people do as having a such a strongly defined appearance/self/identity, which sorta gives them all a similar appearance). over the years there have been little bits of definition that some of given to theirselves, but I think that the pyramid system strongly influences that they have the definition that (whatever the rules in there are) gives them. I think it's that way because (probably only up until recently), the rules of the chinese have largely been defined people (ie, not asian) -- and they sorta set how the rules go (most likely to their benefit, with the chinese people being mostly designed for production of necessary items for the expansion of their whatevers that they want to expand). I don't know much about chinese history, but it seems to me that there may have been quite a bit of export coming from out of china to the western world. anyway, I don't care to speculate too much on that. the good thing about that symbolic system that the pyramids impose, is that makes them symbolically quite capable of producing the things that are necessary to be built -- at the cost of creativity. creativity is an interesting thing where (for example the way I experience it) is a desire to create something that encapsulates a concept that I have, out into the world. so, for example if I want to be able to communicate in a certain type of way -- the concept of how we should be able to communicate will be adapted to the medium that I'm trying to create on. I'm essentially expressing an aspect of my own world-view out into something that can be used by others. the thing about that is that the concept of the thing that I'm building has my own concept (of who I am) built right into it -- and if my theory of the pyramid is correct, then the centre attraction spot of the pyramid is pulling up the concepts that the earth is emitting (earth has all sorts of protons/concepts coming out of it all the time), and they're the product of things that have been attracted -- which is why I believe that it's quite common for inventions and science advancements to be simultaneously discovered -- because the saturnian-system has caused enough collision of unwanted for enough time, that those collisions are now starting to produce concepts with the solution to the unwanted -- which start streaming out of the earth all over the place, and somewhere someone who's in a relaxed state of mind capable of receiving the concept will "get it" and then that concept will alter their trajectory through time, as they either think "oh that's a neat idea" and let it go -- or begin to try and turn it into something that can be used by others -- well, if the sarcophogi in these pyramids are attracting resonant concepts coming from the earth, and then reshaping the concepts so that they now resonate according to the dimensions of the pyramid, it seems to me quite likely that these concepts of things that the earth now wants to have will all be altered by the shape of these pyramids, dramatically stunting creativity.
		I believe that the same thing occurs in the great pyramid as well, which does a very similar thing -- but those pyramids reshape the concepts to have the dimensions of mostly more western and solar DNA (ie, mercury, venus, isis, prometheus). I believe the reason why I'm able to receive the concepts without any difficulty is because astral pertains to the dimensions of the imagination (4d), and so the pyramid essentially tunes the different ideas to different DNA classes (or social stratas if you consider that many elites have different DNA than the majority of the rest) -- and then within those astral structures, there's a whole bunch of rules (defined by the saturnian-system) which enable some people to receive those concepts in their imagination, and others not to. I'm a bit different though because my astral system (pinecone) is messed up, so it doesn't appear to me in my imagination like it does for the rest of people -- all I have to be is vibrationally similar enough to the concept to be able to receive it. so, no matter to what clearance level the elites tune whatever high frequency vibrations, I'm still able to receive them in their pure conceptual form, because it totally bypasses my imagination system. I see no image (in the case of movies), get no sound (in the case of music), but just the idea. therefore, I essentially have unlimited access to the concepts that the earth is putting out -- really only limited by my desire to receive them, and my resistance/beliefs that would otherwise block it.
	I'm not saying that the chinese are uncreative people incapable of adding their own concept of how the world works on to what it is that they're creating -- cause I don't think it's that at all. a concept is a *feeling*, which is an emotion, and that emotion/concept of how things works isn't in any way prohibitted from anyone. we all have an X chromosome, and so therefore all of us have the capability -- yet, I think that there's a whole lot of symbolic structrues that their culture and probably other things do which prevents them from having an *identity* (more specifically I think those pyramids have been designed to keep them from having an identity).
	the interesting thing to me about this, is that I'm not sure how many chinese want to start to define theirselves, but I'm going the opposite direction of them. I'm *losing my identity* -- becoming more like them, rather than gaining it (probably I could say more about this, but not yet).
I imagine that if I were to go over there, my own loss of identity would allow me to pretty quickly adapt and start to integrate with their symbolic system, and at the same time, I'd still retain a huge concept of myself as being quite infinite, continually expanding, improving, etc -- and I don't think I'd lose that concept/feeling about myself, even in the presence of their symbolic system. what I mean is, I doubt that I'd suddenly start feeling the pushing of their system to behave in a certain way.
	the way that these astral systems function is that they use the extra dimension to push or pull an emotion or concept in the presence of certain conditions -- so for example, one of the things that really baffled me for quite a while whas how so many people (even kids who barely could even speak english) would suddenly react to a bad-feeling that they'd receive when pointing out anything network related (like pointing out invisible objects when I'm paying attention and stuff like that). or, in a related mystery, I didn't understand how so many solar girls always receive a strong negative feeling (like they're revealing something that cannot be revealed) whenever they'd talk about being able to see theirselves. tracing shakespere (who's the only literary source that mentions it), I noticed that they can only really talk about it when they're really feeling good. I noted that certain conceptual conditions (ie, this means it's symbolic) yielded them a feeling that didn't have spanned cultures and geography. it seems that the way those things are programmed in the solar pyramids (ie giza), the programmers make sure that's the reaction to such concepts and/or behaviour. when I was in spain, I often times felt this programming (and still do to some extent), where I would feel a very strong negative feeling when talking about certain things. I couldn't figure out where those taboos were coming from, but I found out that the emotion that they pressed on me was a feeling of paranoia or that someone was watching or going to judge me for saying such a thing -- but as I lowered my resistance to the fear that others would know my secrets, or that secrets even needed to be kept, I stopped feeling those programmed (I claim by the pyramids) to give me those bad-feeling taboo sensations (like I'm wrong, or should feel shame, or any of those other negative emotions), I started to become more and more shameless, having less and less of a feeling of embarrassment that others feel in similar situations.
so, if their system is going to take someone that doesn't have an identity or definition of theirself (the direction that I'm going), and is programmed to make me feel bad if I'm going to (I dunno yet the effect cause I haven't experienced it yet) some sort of negative emotion or embarrassment for thinking that I could take an idea and *actually turn it into some kind of reality* -- it's not likely to affect me a whole lot, because for an idea that I don't feel like I can produce, I simply don't feel capable, and that's it -- but I don't feel silly or pretentious for even thinking myself capable. those kinds of effects I notice all the time when I'm around other people -- because certain things I normally don't feel myself capable at all, yet around some people I feel myself perfectly capable of doing it -- and then with others, things that I normally feel capable of doing, I may feel embarrassement or incapability, depression, or an unwillingness to even try -- and in those cases, I know that it's not me that feels that way, but that I'm just picking up on the way the other person feels. so then, for example (knowing that's not how I really feel), if I take the part of the feeling that makes me feel embarrassed, depressed, or incapable and look at where it comes from, it's often that I can feel a sort of similar situation or thing that triggers that belief, and chage that belief (even though it's not my own) into something that aligns with how I feel (capable) -- and often times, I notice that for receptive people who aren't so busy pushing out their beliefs, trying to ensure I believe the same thing they do,-- for a little bit, it seems as if they feel capable or lose the embarrassment that they'd normally feel. so, it makes me wonder what would happen if I were over there... would I essentially create a compatibility layer where they would begin to feel more like how I feel regarding the same symbolic input (ie, like a child acquires the judgement/reactions/effective function of their parents' emotional mind, so too would the receptive ones do the same)? furthermore, if that were to happen and they were to get used to that feeling, would that that trained emotional mind that they acquired from me be somewhat permanent or not? I wonder what effect it would have. obviously it wouldn't work for those that are symbolically outputting (ie, pushing their beliefs out there).
[brb, my hands hurt from typing so much and I want to take a break for a bit. I still have a few more topics to cover - 11:55] upon thinking about it a little more, the thing that really kinda upsets me a bit, is that I just can't seem to find a way where I could go to china and not become 2nd-ray. to explain, I have to tell the story of election results day (I think it was the 6th ... and I can't remember now if it was the same day as the insect bite or not, but around there)... anyway, on the way to go see naomi, it had snowed a bit the night previous and I was walking in the street over to health solutions. over to my left walking on the sidewalk was an asian guy that I'm pretty sure was chinese. he waved to me and said "good morning" -- which was pretty notable to me (keep in mind I didn't know anything about the elections or anything like that cause I've watched zero politics -- in fact, I'm not even sure I made the connection that it was the day after the election either). after naomi I went over to friendly harbor -- and expecting some kind of group or something, I noticed that the whole place had a really strange feel to it. I had a tremendous glow from the adderall and the walk up fountain creek trail so feeling especially absorbant from the glow, there wasn't really anyone to talk to or any groups going on, so I just sat down in front of the TV. soon others came into the room and I found out that trump won. then jeremiah started to tell me something about tariffs. I had no idea what he was talking about -- and so I just watched the TV some more. eventually, they got to a section of the news where they were talking about trump's foreign policy. I was quite surprised to find out that he plans to put some insanely high import tariff on goods coming from china. in that moment, I kinda had one of those weird things where I sorta spaced out and I was seeing the earth from a distance, and it was divided into hemispheres -- where one hemisphere was the western world and the other hemisphere was this other world (the eastern one?) anyway, it was weird because I could see how this idea of putting these tariffs on things was going to cause a lot of production of goods to no longer be done by china -- but instead to be done by the USA.
	interestingly enough, one of the things I noticed is that the this was actually not as easy as it looked, and definitely couldn't be done without much effort, but the extra 40%(?) import tariffs would provide enough of a buffer for some companies to be able to make some things and be able to still be able to make a little bit of profit (things like clothing and stuff like that), but for some other things (consumer electronics?), there just wasn't an easy way to make a profit cause margins were so small. also, it's pretty easy to see how this will greatly alter relations with japan and korea as well (not sure if they'll see it as a way to secure import agreements or not). anyway, though no thing was concrete in its appearance, the major trend that I noticed is that there was a growing idea of doing things "the american way" -- and along with it came a whole lot of corporate bigshots, cowboys, and rugged american (high quality, good engineering sort of "we do things the rigth way" kind of nationalism). I forgot what snapped me out of the vision now, but I remember that it was jarring. after that I wondered about europe and stuff too because when I think of the earth, I don't actually see it as partitioned into hemispheres, but instead as partitioned into 3 sections (trispheres?) -- cause there's definitely the europe/africa sections in addition to the east asia and americas.
however, even though I think about the earth as having as having three parts, a major component of the vision was that the two hemispheres had a very strong barrier between them, much like how the "corpus callosum" divides the hemispheres of the brain preventing interchange between the two hemispheres. though both sides have technology capable of seeing what the other is doing, it seemed that there the non-western side had a very different way of doing things from what's normal nowadays, and the western side wanted that different way to be not perceived, by the western side, so there was a sort of media blackout or facade, where (because they were going a different way), the western side just wasn't interested in the other side anymore. they're going to do it their own way, and they didn't want any of the other way to interfere anymore. the whole vision of the western side being prevented from being able to access the other side reminded me a lot of the two hemispheres of my brain actually: my LH is completely prohibited from accessing anything on the right -- and the western side of earth is sorta like my LH (very symbolic/rational side in how it comes to conclusions of things) -- and my logical/symbolic side (the one I'm using now) has been completely denied any access to know what's happening in the RH (my conceptual/emotional/attraction side). anyway, I think the reason why I was snapped out of the vision, is because I vaguely remember somewhere near to the end of it, I started to see myself as somehow having part in this separation. I also remember that it seemed fairly obvious to me that I'd have to leave the the western/symbolic side of earth and go over to the conceptual/attraction side of things.
there's an interesting bit of a symmetry to the vision as well, because my belief is that the guys that are running the western world are the ones that are accessing my right hemisphere and preventing me from accessing it (ever since I porto de hierro in spain (ie, since the iron gate closed, which is kinda how it is for me)). so they have access to my RH, which was the part of me that did nearly all of the work for me when it came to programmming and stuff. what I mean is, I used my RH for the majority of things, because it was my RH and its (1st-ray) form of perception which is the part of me which made me and everything else I did so successful. when that was shut down in the iron gate, I no longer felt infinite like I used to, and all of of the amazing way that I feel about all aspects of reality closed down. the only thing that was left over was my close-minded LH which was so used to relying on my RH, that it didn't really know what to do about anything other than just be angry and suicidal about everything, because all of that good stuff that my RH provided for m5 was gone. I (my LH) had to literally figure out how to reinvent my RH over again on top of a symbolic system -- which I did. it took me a while, but I opted for a LOA-based system because no matter how hard I tried to work it out, I just couldn't find a way to feel good about myself and my reality any other way, that to finally believe that I'd caused/attracted (and was therefore responsible for) *everything* in my reality -- even the loss of access to my RH. now, looking back at it (it's been about 7y now), sure it was a tremendous loss, but I wouldn't go back and change it at all. the new system that I've created, IMO works as good as the other one did, and the cool thing about it is that all the stuff that used to be a mystery to me. what I mean is: I didn't know why I believed things about the inifinite nature of things and couldn't properly convey my world-view to others for the entire time I was in spain -- but now that I've rebuilt my entire RH on the top of my symbolic LH, I can actually explain my reasons for why I think things are infinite, and can actually explain my world-view. taking the same series of events, I actually think that's what the western world wants -- take away all of their electronics and all of the stuff that they rely on so much, and just let them figure out how to rebuild all of that their own way, they'll figure it out *their own way* -- and upon figuring it out (out of necessity), a whole lot of the mysterious things about their scientific understanding and production techniques will be re-built thier own way, and conclusions made at thier own pace.
if that vision had anything to do with a sort of picture of the future, I really think it's a great idea and I wish them the best. I personally want to go the way of attraction, losing the way of definition and of beliefs. instead, I really like that my reality is formed as a reflection of how I perceive and feel about it. that feels to me like a reality that I really want to live in. I really don't mind if there's a kind of separation in that way either. also, (I don't know how to convey this), taking into consideration how delightful it was for me to rebuild my RH inside of my LH is truly wonderful. there's no right way to do it, and as 3blue1brown says, "I want the process to feel like a re-discovery" (or something like that) -- cause at this point, there's no way in hell I'd ever want to go back to my old RH *in any way*. my new version (though a bit primitive and inferior) is still my creation, my realisation, and something that I've done the work to create. I don't care that it's not quite as powerful yet, because it's only 7yo at this point, so considering it's short existence, I'm very proud of what I've raised/grown up since then and can't wait to see what it's like as it matures a little more. having that kind of pride of my creation is what I'm really excited (maybe not the right word) that the western hemisphere can have as they come to their own conclusions about what works and what doesn't as they build their own system. it really is something special to have created something and watching it work and (though a bit rough around the edges still) the pride I feel seeing that something I created *actually works*. I wish that same feeling for them too; it's a really good feeling -- and I wouldn't change the difficult times I passed through to get there. those dark times are part of the process, and part of the battle wounds that make the accomplishment feel so much more tangible.
anyway, I have a lot to think about now, as (to be quite honest), this wasn't at all what I expected to write tonight. I planed on writing how I don't want to be 2nd-ray, and this just won't work out because I don't want anything to do with becoming 2nd-ray at all and it seems to me that . instead, because perhaps this is an opportunity to go toward attraction (ie, vulcan) instead of symbolic (2nd-ray). I have to try and figure out how to do it in a way where I remain only-attraction (ie, perhaps instead of being 2nd-ray telling everyone what to do, making everything a symbolic reflection of myself -- instead, let them figure out attraction and also do it their own way) -- or maybe something else. I'm really not sure at all. the first thought that comes to mind is, if we were to model ourselves kinda like the 1st-ray perception (only-input-network), our world would become hyper-attractive (with like instant manifestation and stuff, together we'd build up a reality that has nothing to do with anything that we're used to now, because besides our own previous experience, there's nobody training us or putting us into a symbolic box (other than perhaps the western world), anything can be anything that we conceptualise it to be (no rules)). as much as this idea sounds pretty cool (especially for the western hemisphere), I feel like there's a huge part of it that I'm missing -- and also I just don't really see it happening in any meaningful way. it's far easier for me to make it into only-attraction mode in the setting that I'm in -- cause going over to china feels like I'm going in the opposite direction -- because now I have to start to use a new symbolic system, interface symbolically, and start to push out the creations that I want to make... it just doesn't feel good to me right now, honestly. I really really prefer to just go into the mode where I'm drifting/floating, not having to worry about outputting anything anymore. I like just not having to do things, only absorbing and growing more and more conceptually (like I said, it's only 7yo, so it's only barely begun). anyway, I'm done now... I need to stop. this went *wayyy further* than I thought it would/should.

### 2024-11-29 13:53 - starting to understand consciousness

as I was writing the [technical notes](/mothership-connection/technical-notes.md#focus--attraction) for msc, I made a huge realisation: consciousness is basically a black-hole, which itself isn't really anything special -- just oppositely rotating (attractive) protons. those protons come from the person's experience -- meaning that any emotionally intense moment happens because our consciousness has a structure through which it perceives reality and anything that doesn't match the structure (which is quite a bit when just a newborn), the input vibration causes a collision with the structure, and that impact produces these attractive protons -- it's not like it's something that only happens seldomly too, because (unless you're experiencing the same exact thing over and over) everything that is new (each moment that passes is newish) contains these collisions. in fact, the passage of time strongly correlates with this novelty/consciousness function too, because when things are nice/resonant and going well, time seems to pass quickly (cause there aren't too many impacts). when there's a lot of new/unrecognised/uncategorised/alarming things happening, that means there are collisions (ie, dissonance) from the incoming signals, and then it appears that there are more moments happening in the same amount of "time".
	time is an interesting thing to think about too, because I don't experience time the same way that I used to. I experience it both as being normalish speed (though I'd say that before I was homeless, I experienced it pretty slowly), however, the experience of it [brb]
