
### 2026-02-12 01:20 - chinese relationships

I watched two videos on relationships in china. the first one was on [why intimate relationships are difficult](https://youtu.be/khbhpCQGLMM) and the second one was about [how intimacy is a skill](https://youtu.be/R0_V7QQJk8s). the first video identifies the problem, which I'll reduce to a single sentence: healthy relationships are not modeled to children (they may be left-behind kids or incentivised to productivity instead of learning to interact with other children) and are required to go from having no relationship experience to conforming to social norms by getting married. the second video provides 3 solutions:
1. conflict is not inherently bad, and having open communication bridges the gap between conflict and resolution.
2. pay attention to the motive or story that bridges the gap between the event and the reaction (connecting with the previous idea that recognising and communicating that story/motive can produce a different/improved reaction)
3. stop using the past as a story to justify the reaction; the past happened, but it doesn't assert the reaction that should be taken.
inotherwords, the reaction can be justified/perceived in any way I want to match the narrative/story/motive I'm telling myself. my past can justify a less effective reaction ("they never seem to change, so I have to teach them a lesson") -- and also, a more effective reaction can also be justified by my past as well ("my experience shows that raising my voice and shouting at you doesn't necessarily make you more inclined to see the story I'm telling myself and my point of view"). therefore, the story that we tell ourselves (B in ABC) is actually the most important part of all.
the other thing that I noticed is that in the first video you were saying that you struggled with the idea of intimacy as a feeling: essentially, the idea there is that a healthy/good/desirable relationship isn't really felt/experienced by children, and since we store our experience as a feeling and there isn't a relatable experience, the feeling of intimacy does not exist (or is defined by the feeling of intimacy experienced/modeled during childhood). so, it seems natural that you come to the conclusion, "intimacy isn't a feeling; it's a skill".
perhaps if you were able to cultivate the intimacy feeling, then all of those barriers and expectations would be much easier to overcome. as an example, you stated that you have armor/protection to keep your independence, and (the way I took it is that) as soon as the relationship started to impose that you give up some of your independence (or rely on someone else), you panicked. I suppose that in that moment the panic that you felt was the difference between your idea/expectation of what intimacy would feel like (not sure -- support, teamwork, ???), which didn't align with what you were experiencing (perhaps your partner felt you could solve their problems or fix their loneliness, or depend on you in some way ???) and since that didn't align with your internal self-image of someone that is independent and capable, the panic that you felt might have been a perceived loss of self-identity (that's the way way I've experienced it anyway).
what I've learned though, is that feeling of intimacy (which I have with others) is ultimately the relationship that I have with myself. as I communicate and become more open with myself (ie, not lying to myself and accurately analysing myself both positively and negatively) the way I feel about myself is the feeling that I emit -- and, the reflection of that feeling by the other person is the "feeling of intimacy" that I feel with them. so, I concur with your point that intimacy is a skill, because my experience has shown me that as I get better at coming to softer conclusions about myself and my own deficiencies (changing the B/narrative/story: ie, not being upset with myself over my mistakes and short-fallings, which is definitely a skill btw) -- improving my relationship with myself, I notice that the relationship that I have with others follows suit.
