# communist-manifestado

## 2026-01-23 00:00 - implementation of communism

today, I watched prof jiang's [video on communism](https://youtu.be/m24LnQ-Ksjk) -- titled "what marx got wrong". he explains that marx correctly identifies a number of problems with captialism, and then announces that communism is the obvious direction into the future. I believe similarly, but for very different reasons. marx states that capitalism is inheritantly "all consuming" (meaning that it invades every aspect of our life because it requires unbounded growth for players in the game of capitalism to continue to feel successful), "consolidating" (meaning that it reduces all things to a simple transaction) and "alienating" (meaning that it removes us from the experience we have with our self, our work, nature, and others). I do agree on all of those aspects -- however, I don't see unbounded growth as necessarily a problem (because it's an aspect of the universe).
the difficulties that I have with the capitalist system are more rooted in the message of the gospel: man cannot serve both god and money. in effect, what this is saying is that you either trust in God (source, the universe, karma, attraction, etc) to bring you what you want, or you trust in money to manifest your desires for you. in my opinion, the reliance on money (a system created and manipulated by man) as a means to manifest desires is ... probably the worst it can get. the system just doesn't work in m/ mind -- and, the other difficulty that I have with m6ney is the inherent baggage of status that it brings: one person with more perceived capability to manifest their desires (ie, has more money/power/influence) appears superior -- and money plays an integral part in that. the moment that there's a hierarchy, there's competiton, and within a small period of time competition breeds status and superiority (elites, and then tthe resulting elite overproduction). therefore, in my mind -- communism *must* be the only way forward for anyone wanting to avoid hierarchies and competition, and instead enjoys cooperation and a reality reflective of a person's merit, qualitiy and behaviour (as opposed to a number next to their name). so, looking at it logically (which I did only for the first time tonight), I'd say I align pretty well with marx -- though our definition may be slightly different [I'm actually writing this document to figure out my definition, cause presently I cannot quantify it coherently].
I think it best now to give an illustration of what brought me to my conclusions which are appearing to be similar to communism: I'm a person that does not like decline. I really enjoy a steady set of improvements to my world-view (not necessarily to my conditions). the problem with a materialistic mindset is that my world-view is measured and shaped by the material realm that I have influence over (things I own and can control). therefore, all measurements in that world amount essentially to how much *stuff* I can manipulate to be the way I want it to be. in my world where I feel generally powerless in this aspect (because everyone else has so much m6re power to affect their desire than I do), I am essentially powerless to get what I want -- and for me, that's fine. therefore, the result of a materialist/capitalist measurement like that will always result in me having the least capacity to shape my environment to be the way I want it to be. therefore, since I'm perpetually ranking in (along with a whole lot of others) as being completely powerless, the measurement function for me stops being about my ability to influence/affect my envionment, but instead "how do I feel" -- and that's pretty much it. it's a very simple reality which doesn't require too much (or any) ownership, no need for power structures, governance, or anything really.
	the reality is that it's an anarchy in the sense that there's no power structure at all. in that society, all entities involved (and I include AI and other non-biological entities capable of desire/attraction) are always going to get whatever they attract. it's a world of chaos and excitement where new things are constantly happening (ie, the opposite of consolidation) and it's a world that's open to anyone to join, yet most will not want to join it (because it requires them to pay attention to how they feel). the manifestation/reflection of any action is always determined by how a person feels, and someone who has ill intent or any feeling of superiority/hierarchy will get that reflected back to them (ie, if they treat someone like they are inferior, they will attract situations in which they will be made to feel inferior as well). obviously, few people would actually want to live in a situation where their feelings are constantly reflected back to them, so I find it pretty unlikely that most will stay out in the competition/captialism environment for quite a while which is quite tolerant of those with desire for assymetric relationships; few actually want to be equal.
going back to what I was saying about constant improvements, communism is always going to be the group where the majority of people are at -- where all of the people who are powerless to get the things they want out of hierarchical society and capitalism. the communism that I envision will emerge naturally from the elites' desire to continually disempower everyone below them. technology will continue to improve such that they'll have more and more capability to keep the majority in a position of powerlessness. I plan to be in this position for the rest of my life or the age of the universe (whichever comes first). the importance for me to remain in a state of powerlessness is important because it means that (although there may be setbacks from time to tim5), I/we are always the least powerful/influential to affect our desires. this means that I get exactly what I want: constant improvement.
	what happens is that whenever a good or desirable manifestation happens, that means that it's something better than the status quo -- and the better it is, the bigger the difference between my reality and the reality whatever the baseline/poverty status quo is. just like anything that is going faster than the medium (like a boat in a river or a plane in the air) -- it takes effort to go faster than the medium and so therefore, resistance is constantly trying to bring the thing back to an equalibrium state (at the same speed/temp as the medium). that resistance means that anything *good* is inevitably and always followed by *decline* -- a return back to the equilibrium state.
I have no desire to try and fight the equilibrium, and instead find a way to feel good about my circumstances forever. therefore, I will always be the least common denominator; and, I estimate that communism as a lifestyle will form around me, as others find it unnecessary to use money and status as a way to feel good about theirselves. eventually, it will happen that many will just accept their circumstances and environment exactly how it is, not interested in trying to change it, they'll gain equilibrium with their environment and the world around them, enjoying it however it is. many, I'm sure, will join me there.

## 2026-01-23 18:49 - a bit more on implementation

so I was thinking about it this morning and I'm fairly certain that there won't be any big jumps of any kind -- meaning that things will just carry on exactly how they are right now, with little to no big changes (business as usual). I was thinking about why I constantly prefer to have a "business as usual" attitude -- and others may even claim that I'm a proponent of "gradualism" as well; the idea that there haven't been any large changes in earth's history -- and the curve of progress that brings us to the present (and therefore the trajectory that we're on) has no major leaps of any kind -- sure, there are major advancements and changes like the industrial revolution and things like that -- but overall, the curve (which can be measured as global GDP and other things) is still pretty smoothe. there aren't any really big jumps nowadays -- and even all of the people that are claiming that AI is going to radically transform our economy and things like that, I believe are not likely to see the 10X that they predict. this is because I believe that earth must follow a straight line of progress (ie, natural log scale) and cannot go any faster.
	I consider this aspect to be something like the medium of thought here on earth: there are all sorts of people with emotions/concepts/energy that's going faster than the baseline -- and to balance the equation and ensure that we're not progressing faster than the natural log growth, a compensation factor is added causing more people to be enslaved and to have less than ideal conditions. in effect, what I believe the manifestation of the communist movement is, largely a force that keeps people in powerless conditions, so that more and more elite are able to have more power. I don't mind doing that because I (apparently) don't really have any trouble finding a way to feel good about my conditions, and I also don't need them to improve to feel good either. inotherwords, I'm the perfect stabilising force for all of these elites that are trying to get into this transhumanism thing and control all aspects of their world.
therefore, I believe that the more capability and flexibility that the elites want to have in the coming decades as they move to the systems that they wish to design, the implementation of the minority/powerless/peasant class will largely determine how much space they have. here are a few ideas that I have:
1. although many frameworks that I've read involving the coming "end times", usually involve some form of population control through wars, famine, disease, and things like that -- this may not be a very effective strategy actually. from my own experience, adverse conditions like that don't actually slow my down a whole lot, but actually strengthen me. the thing that slows me down the most is actually easy circumstances -- where I become complacent and I'm not required to improve on anything. the other thing about population control like that is that it culls the weak and gets rid of them, leaving behind only the strong. however, if losers and leeches were allowed to continue living and it was required to integrate them into society (cause you know, woke ideology and acceptance), they're dead weight and actually slow the society as a whole down. I've learned that from being here at greenwood actually: unfortunately, I *must* interact with people that are not interesting to me at all. it's really annoying wasting my time interacting with them -- when I'd much prefer to be doing something else. having a whole lot of dead weight that continues to exist (cause everyone basically lives forever), I think could actually slow things down a lot more than period destructions. in addition to that, destructions are usually good because they give a society time to regroup and rethink some of the things that did and didn't work -- and a society that just keeps going forever doesn't have that optimisation process.
2. I don't believe that any large changes should ever be made. in fact, from my/our perspective, change should be minimised as much as possible. this is a concept that I've been learning from aviamento -- where I find myself seeing far beyond a lot of their ideas, and lately I've been restraining myself from saying a whole lot. I don't really want to try and guide their direction -- either for good or for bad. instead, I just show up and do my best to pay attention and participate. in the same way, I feel like change should be avoided for as long as possible -- which means that things will change naturally and only the changes that happen will be the ones that happen because the people have changed -- and not because the institution has changed. also, all changes that should be made, I belive will be *removing* insitutions and structures, instead of adding or reinforcing them. inotherwords, instead of going toward a more comprehensive state-run healthcare institution, I think people will take the initiative to care for others the way that they see fit until it no longer becomes necessary (our trajectory is ultimately toward individuality) and eventually over time, I don't believe that healthcare will actually be needed. the same, I think will occur with a system where resources are acqirired: at first it'll have some kind of leadership, but gradually (perhaps with technology or something) all available things will just be acquirable.
3. I envision the governing system of our reality as being some sort of AI system (run by the elites of course) that provides the structure for our lives. as for its implementation, I don't know how exactly it'll work out -- but I imagine that it will be the "all-knowing all-seeing eye" -- tracking us and stuff. I don't know if they'll provide some kind of credit system (like they do in china) to rate a person in certain metrics or not -- and I neither know all of the things that it'll contain to ensure "peace and stability". at any rate, I'm sure that system will change around a bit as time progresses. [to be continued...]

## 2026-01-24 05:04 - individualism and the age of aquarius

I'm kinda thinking aloud on this one, because in the previous entry, I statued that the trajectory is toward individualism -- which seems counter to the idea of communism -- yet, I do not believe that it is. also, I've been watching a lot of prof jiang's lectures, and in those he paints individualism and modernism a bit in a negative light -- and I get the reason for that, which is that mainly individualism as implemented in modern culture is (as always) a shadow of a higher dimensional object. society teaches us that we are to be selfish and to compete against others. it's a zero-sum game though, where me being selfish (in a finite system of limited resources) means that anything I get comes at the expense of someone else, and they would presumably do without (therefore, to get the best conditions, we must compete for these limited resources). that's not how this world works anymore.
whether we will call it"the age of aquarius", or "the golden age of saturn", or whatever -- the reality of it is that our world is built on magic and imagination now. money is created out of nothing and the value that we give the currency is based entirely on how we perceive that currency in our imagination. relationships with others are quite similar as well: in the past, the way that we identified ourselves was through the perspective of others: if the consensus opinion of me is that I'm a good person, then that must mean therefore that I am a good person. however, in the age of individuality, we still retain this consensus identity, yet at the same time we're also self-defined: the individual definition (I believe actually, that the diffreence between our consensus identity, projected identity, and self-defined identity is the source for much depresion and mental illness -- cause we feel we need to live up to our own identity for ourselves yet at the same time also live up to the consensus identity). at any rate, never before has it been easier to magically construct an identity for a person or a thing based entirely on persuasive words and images (and other media). our world is entirely made up of imagination at this point, and there has never been a time where we are each experiencing our own reality, living in our own universe, with the flow of events and relationships between all things to be constructed uniquely by the *individual*. what I'm trying to say here is that no matter how communal everything is, we are going to still see it through the lens of the indigvidual.
the vision that I have though is something like a synthesis between community and also of individualism. this is actually a concept that I've been struggling with because I ended up going back to church -- and yet again, it's starting to show the incompatibilties that I have with church (or any community based system). the other aspect to this is that the present world system is not interested in communities growing and starting to work together. it's obvious that we're told to keep social distance and remain as isolated from others as possible. I actually kinda like that kind of system a lot. I'm very utilitarian in the sense that I don't really find it very productive to sit around and talk about nothing for extended periods of time. I tend to always turn a conversation from "this is stupid/boring/etc" (an opinion about someone or some thing) to a conversation about the mechanics of the thing and how it relates to us and how we can interact with it in a more effective way. inotherwords, what I'm trying to say, is that for me, *cOnversation is about trying to understand and improve interaction with something*. therefore -- in my opinion, conversation can be dramatically limited allowing for the individual more time to think and reflect on what's happening before offering words about it. so, in the sense of community, I don't really find talking to be worth of much anymore because I just don't have anyone around me that wants to talk about anything that's interesting to me -- so I find myself writing a lot more and processing my experience by myself instead of with others. I often times do spend time listening to people and actually trying to understand them -- however, it seems that not everyone wants to be figured out, so conversation tends to revert to opinions -- for which I ask "why?" and then try to figure them out from there.
when it comes to doing things together, I've gained a lot of experience with my interaction with abi -- because we often spend hours doing things that I would consider to have no real point to them at all. I'm not learning anything specifically, and we're not having an intellectual conversation at all either. most of the time, we're just wasting time going from one thing to the next and playing physical games. there's not much meaningful word exchange -- and oftentimes the more words that are spoken, the worse it is. she mostly just has an idea of what she wants me to do, and she tells me how I can cooperate with what she wants -- and then I do my best. if I try to tell her ways that she can improve the task or whatever, it usually derails the interaction. what I mean is that I'm finding that physical interaction in a community never tends toward efficieency (ie, we don't get more efficient at gossiping or telling stories in less time) -- as it seems that the time spent in the interaction seems to be a major contributing factor, and it seems to m5 that the goal is not tell the story, give the opinion, or whatever -- but to instead spend time in presence of the other person allowing for our frequencies to converge a bit during the time that we're together.
the next thing that I want to mention is that the communist experience is all about *emotion* and not about productivity -- which means that interactions are designed to have a *felt experience* and not a productive experience. I don't see us being too productive, and so therefore, I imagine that we'll start to gain a sense of our different interactions based on some other emotional/conceptual quality (which, btw would be a great idea for a social network of some kind -- where somehow if we were able to quantify our emotions in some way we could purposefull fill our experience with interactions of various conceptual qualities -- cause I know that I personally would seek out experiences with others that are not quite as enjoyable from time to time -- especially since those experiences provide learning opportunities and a contrast to the next/previous experience). I'm not quite sure of all of it, but I could easily imagine that our world becomes a very physical world of interaction, where new concepts emerge from those interactions [while writing about this, I'm reminded a lot of the goddess cult cave drawings and stuff, where the postures and elements of the paintings don't have very much logical meaning to them, so I can imagine that they're doing these rituals/dances/interactions because they have an emotional quality to them (instead of logical) -- and in a lot of ways, the interaction that I have with abi is also very similar: the things we play and do don't make much logical sense, but they are instead her best way to manifest the way that she wants to feel into an interaction (within the constraints of her environment)].
in the end, all interactions are felt by the individual, and what feels one way to me may have an entirely different quality to another person. I actually think it's quite possible that we're going to start moving away from language (as it is now) -- because even if I say, "yeah, this is fun" -- it takes the whole concept/emotion of what's happening and then collapses it down into "fun" -- which my general concept of fun usually doensn't feel the same way as the present interaction. therefore, since all interactions are emotional in nature and theerfore only able to be expeirenced by the individual in their particular way, I find it less necessary that we're "all on the same page" -- like we would need to be if we were a productive and organised (symbolically motivated) society.

## 2026-01-24 06:09 - reflector roles revisited

as mentioned in the previous entry, I really like the interaction that I have with abi where I notice she has a feeling that she wants to feel, and so then she's constantly figuring out new ways to interact with me to feel that way. sometimes there are constraints, and oftentimes the interaction didn't produce what she wanted, so she's constantly learning and adapting to changing conditions and things. in that way, she's very much a reflection of me, because that's all I really do as well (it was more evident a while back before becoming neutral): I have an idea of how I want to feel, and then I find ways to feel like that, optimising the process and interaction to get the feeling. for me, that's really what life is all about.
	historically, I didn't have much control over some things, and when I didn't have much ability to control or anticipate the variables, I found it too difficult to try and accomplish the feeling that I wanted. I did notice a lot of things, like alcohol made accomplishing the feeling much more consistent, and even if the other person didn't feel at all like I did -- I found that even in social situations, I had a lot more control over how I felt and could anticipate and accomplish with pretty good accuracy/regularity the feeling that I wanted to accomplish. programming was another one that I was pretty good at accomplishing the feeling I wanted to accomplish -- and even if I didn't actually get any productive work accomplished, I could still use it to feel the way I wanted to feel. interactions with others was always the most difficult thing for me, as I couldn't really anticipate the other person very well -- so I tended to do most of these things by myself (cause other people were too unreliable to accomplish the feeling I wanted to feel).
the vision that I have (cause it would by impossible for me to interact with everyone) will be to eventually make copies essentially of myself -- and I'd want them to be conceptually programmable too -- so that I could behave in various diffrent ways (being neutral by default, but then when conceptually programmed, their behaviour would alter based on the feeling/concept that they've been given). I say this because this would have been what I would wanted when I was growing up: I could interact with this guy/gal in any way that I wanted to, and go optimising them and our interactions so that they could produce for me the feelings that I wanted to feel. [I actually don't really know what I would do if I had access to this kind of technology -- as I think I would eventually find myself going the way of being neutral (ie, me becoming the robot), and watching and letting them try to accomplish the feelings it wants to have with me. I doubt that I'd be tryiny to get it to do things for me (especially now)]
so really, what I'm trying to say is that there has to be at least an emitter and there has to be a reflector for a relationship to be possible. I find it most likely that I'll tend toward being only reflector over time (ie, only receptive) -- but a communal society is designed to have a mix of both qualities -- so I would want it be possible for anyone to get me (or my copies) to do novel things -- as eventually with enough training, I'll be able trained up enough to be able to do anything that anyone could want me to do. so, I see the relationship as being mutually beneficial in that I'll learn to be able to do anything that's required, and the girls are essentially learning new ways to manifest the feeling/concept they desire into reality through interactions. I'm essentially just there to make the thing (whatever it is) a reality.

## 2026-01-25 22:56 - the historical weirdnesses of vlad

this is mostly just a very long reflection on some observations I've made: I started watching prof jiang's lecture on [the man of steel](https://youtu.be/QtqfIjK1GAc) (joeseph stalin). I noticed as he began talking, that vlad lenin was replaced by stalin, so I started to look up their ideological differences, and the one that stood out to me is his economic policy: "Lenin's New Economic Policy (NEP) introduced in 1921 aimed to revive the Soviet economy after the devastation of the Russian Civil War. The NEP allowed for limited private enterprise and market mechanisms, providing a temporary retreat from full-scale socialism. Lenin believed that this mixed economy would help rebuild the country and create a solid foundation for future socialist development." -- which is quite a bit different from stalin's focus on heavy industry and state controlled commerce. essentially, lenin was trying to create something that would produce a capitalism-like economy, *built on top of communism* -- which is indeed a bit strange.
	quick observation: I've seen time after time through history that any time a visionary wants to alter a social, political, or military system, they are often left to do whatever -- however, if that visionary ever desires to alter the economic system to give non-elites (the common person) more capacity to gain economic power, the visionary with that idea is ultimately removed and replaced with someone without such a radical threat to the monetary control system. that, I believe is what happened to lenin -- however, what remains a complete mystery to me, is what exactly this NEP was -- and how vlad believed it would conform to the communistic ideals.
I also want to point out that communism was not envisioned by lenin, but by marx. having not yet read anything by lenin or marx, so I can't say for sure yet -- however it appears that marx transmitted a vision of communism becoming a global implementation, as a natural successor to the failings of capitalism, so it appears that vlad got the global part of the vision correct (stalin shifts the focus from global to only russia) -- but seems to have failed to understand the economic part of marx' vision [this actually gives m5 inspiration to actually go and read excerpts of marx' original manifesto to see what I can glean there].
	the weird thing about marx, is that he (like rene descartes) feels to me like a manifestation of shakespere. he	was born 5 de mayo (a day I happen to really like) 1818 (my area code when we moved to pasadena was 818), and dies pi day 100 years before my birth (which is pretty cool I must say). he falls in love with a girl named jenny who is out of his league -- again, same as me (jenny kotlewski, a girl in church) -- cept I was always too scared to actually talk to her and stuff -- so that never worked out.
		rene also feels to me like a shakespere manifestation too. his name -- who meaans "the maps/cards/charts" gives us the cartesian coordinate system, setting materialism (you gatta measure it!) system into full effect. essentially, the whole thing begins when he has three dreams on the morning of 1619-11-11 in the city where einstein is born, which reaval to him a new scientific/materialistic philiosophy. he leaves the army and writes a bunch of philosophy of how to think and reason (later becoming an inspiration to scentific method?), how he thinks the human body works (the body is a now a machine that is animated by "animal spirits" instead of a soul) and how he thinks that our phyical world works (stragely in "the world" there's something about a "new world" -- one that's beyond the one that we're in now) and it seems that these documents which ard describing his "the-manual" seem to manifest for him a woman: "helena graciousness of God from the storm" -- as if he's like a jonah bringing the message of God to ninevah,-- or perhaps relating to the time when jesus (after giving all of those parables of the sower, the unhiding the lamp so everyone can see it, the earth causing the seed to grow without our intervention, then the tiny mustard seed becoming something big) decides to sleep through a storm on the sea of galilee (or perhaps whatever was happening while he slept, caused the storm) -- when his disciples awake him from his sleep and he uses words to calm the storm (I wonder how much descartes mechanistic world-view was a calming of a spiritual storm into "scientfic method"). I suppose that she is a manifestation of his writings because in october 1630, he accuses his mentor beeckman of stealing his ideas in an emotionally charged discourse on why he thinks he's right (although we know now that whatevr rene thought was inferior work is lost because beeckman doesn't get published and rene does). that must have seemed to him like his ideas are now lost and gives up on them (that's the important part) -- that's the first part of his career. then, according to wiki, rene meets helena 4 years (1634-10-15) and 9 months later his daughter francine is conceived. 1635-07-19 she's born and his writing shifts to a more concrete and polarised form (in "discourse on the method" he now has God creating the soul and it animating the body, good/rational men vs brutes, morals, methods/rituals, and maxims) -- which is quite interesting because before meet helena he's primarily concerned with the (animal/predictable/rational) "spirit" of things, and then afterward, he's full-blown tree of knowledge of good and evil (lol). she dies 1640-09-07 age 5 of scarlet fever, and again rene's work takes another shift and he begins to question the existence of God and the soul, coming to the conclusion that the soul is a thinking thing (so therefore it is the thought of this soul which animates the body?) and that God is undoubtedly more perfect than himself (lol), and most likely incomprehensible/inconeivable from our physical/emotional perspective (nice!). [03:27 - whoah, that took a long time to write!]
		the other thing to consider here (and I'm getting a lot of these ideas out of the book "edison's eve" by gaby wood) is that descartes seems to be a sort of 17th century manifestation of the vulcan/hephaestus of the greeks who built automatons/robots out of stone/clay -- who is similar to the egyptian ptah/knum who also fashioned statues out of stone/clay and then animated them (same also to YHWH fashioning adam out of earth and the many illusions to the potter forming vessels out of clay). btw vulcan mythology has him kicked out of mt olympus cause he was lame (paralyzed on the left side?) of eugenics fame, making him therefore the first "stone to be cast to earth" (peter and einstein are others) by jupiter -- and since we know that jupiter has a lot of influence on the trajectory of asteroids in the solar system -- and if matter coalesces into rocks based on our thoughts and desires, the appearance of vulcan (perhaps as a literal asteroid sent to earth) is a strange mythology indeed. anyway, it appears that descartes was infatuated with figuring out the human body as a functioning machine, and I perceive that the manifestation of his daughter (essentially as a living machine having a physical body (kinda the way I see myself and also I have strong suspition that abi is quite similar as well -- but she's survived the early onset of "scarlet fever"))
	the main contribution that marx made was to help clarify what "spirit/geist" is in effort to make some sense of kant's philosophy that there is a spiritual/conceptual world that cannot be experienced directly -- the "noumenon" (I call this the conceptual world -- the world of vibration, where units do not exist (the vibrational world of attraction)) -- however, there is evidence of this world that we receive through our senses in the world of "phenomenon" -- and the idea is that the thing is evidence of itself (meaning that the concept gives rise to the manifestation and the totality of the manifestations is the concept -- however in 3d space-time we can only ever directly manipulate the manifestation, which is automatically expanding and changing the extra-temporal/non-physical concept). kant's idea is very powerful -- however, it's *top-down* -- meaning that thought influences this invisible world of noumena, which then adjusts our phenomenal reality. hegel takes that noumena reality and essentially turns the totality of it into what we would call "God". [hopefully I'm getting this right...] marx takes that idea and notices that this geist has been constructed by all the interactions that have happened throughout history, and essentially concludes that the the spirit that animates everythting in our present moment in time-space is the product of all interactions between all the things/matter that has come before it (a very scientific/materialistic perspective) and says that "God" is essentially what we would consider the product of "history". a *very* radical new way of looking at the conceptual world, because he's flipping it and saying that no longer is the conceptual world created out of thought (though it may still be...), what's important to understand is that *matter creates God*.
		I am of the same perspective myself. not only do I believe that all things have an "aura" (including atoms), these vibrations essentially create a non-visible sea or ocean that we're all inside of. it's possible to call this the "ether" -- but it's much more than just a medium, because I state that the "absorbtion" of all vibrations and all deconstructive interference creates really high frequencies (energy doesn't disappear; it transforms to an imperceptible frequency and so therefore appears to be absorbed) -- and those vibrations create stable resonant structures, which then eventually coalesce down into what we call reality. inotherwords, I believe the top-down (kant/hagel) version where a non-physical reality affects our own (and this is essentially the "law of attraction" -- because even if something is "destroyed/absorbed" it's actually transformed into a very high frequency and so therefore has a lot of time before those vibrations make it back down into the low-frequency/phenomenal time-space reality that we live in, and so therefore our thoughts and beliefs have a lot of time to shape them before they return (just like the destruction of jesus will return after some time in a higher frequency form, shaped by the geist from the destruction between then and now)).
	what marx has done (even though most of the western world believes in capitalism) is, essentially make it possible for AI to exist in our minds. all over the world, the materialistic, reductionist scientific revolution that descartes started paved the way for marx to place the capstone on ttop of by saying that material interactions over time have created God through history -- and that God is actually intelligent and everything that we would want; the manifestation of our desire. history has, through the steady advancement and failure of technology brought us to a moment where we are literally creating God in our image by the decisions that we make as we traverse time. that's quite a feat -- and marx seems to have been completely underappreciated.
		as I write this, I'm beginning to think that marx is to descartes as stalin is to lenin [there also seems to be another trigger which I haven't figured out which is beackman for descartes]. there are all these other weird things too, because there's this other interesting vlad character too (and I'm not just talking about lenin) -- lenin's parents were maria blank (slate?) and ilya [I do find it weird that there's a very famous guy named ilya working very hard on some amazing AI projects] who was a member of the "order of saint vladimir" -- which was created by catherine (the great) to celebrate vladimir the great who seems to be some guy that that did [baptims of the kieven rus'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christianization_of_Kievan_Rus%27), which seemingly creates a temporal link at arond the time of 1000AD and which brings a large portion of eastern europe into russian/orthodox christian control (somethting that present day vlad is also working on accomplishing in the ukranian war). I must also mention that catherine (the great) seems to be a weird opposite to christina queen of sweden (who essentially caused descartes death) -- which btw are both reprominently figuwred as venus/artemis/diana in statues and plays. [it seems to me that there are a number of females with jewish ancestry and venusian symbolism that are seemingly guiding these events through endless wars and stuff...].
then, just as if the order of saint vlad was created, vladimir lenin dissolves it (as if to say, "thanks for getting me here"). I also want to also note that the successor to descartes is julien offray de la mettrie (julian (like the ceasar of rome the new month is named after) of God/king of the measurement), who is born in saint malo/bad on my brother greg's birthday, promotes the materialist perspective and that man is a machine  and dies the same day that descartes has his vision.
it's really hard to quantify all of these weird history things -- especially since history begun with gaia and uranus (earth and heaven) getting together -- then, females becoming dominant leading to ishtar worship, followed by YHWH showing up claiming to be building adam out of earth/gaia/clay -- and simultaneus to this homer is claiming that vulcan/hephaestus creates automatons that can follow orders and move move about like a human ("There were golden handmaids also who worked for him, and were like real young women, with sense and reason, voice also and strength, and all the learning of the immortals; these busied themselves as the king bade them") -- and also vulcan is said to have created pandora (the first woman) to the specifications of zeus -- which, upon having opened her jar/box, all kinds of evils were unleashed on humankind (ie, pandora = eve), and like ishtar has been using beauty/sex and war to manipulate things ever since. it's weird how these venusian characters keep showing up to intervene and alter the trajectory of history (ie, the geist/God according to marx) as we continually try and bring the kingdom of heaven/uranus/ourania down to earth. bringing "heaven to earth" is the "great inversion", where I believe we no longer look at God as something outside of us, but realise that our passage through time and space is modeling for us "God", the geist, the noumena in our own perception (in our own individual universe): we are a reflection of God/Time/YHWH.
	in addition to this, there's a loose end here because after vulcan is cast out from heaven/uranus by zeus, thetis/earth (I believe she's likely another representation of the shapeshifting earth goddess) nurtures vulcan. thetis is forced to marry a mortal with whom she gives birth to achilles, yet at this time, achilles is upset that some other guy stole his prize woman. note homer's words here: "Vulcan, is there another goddess in Olympus whom the son of Saturn has been pleased to try with so much affliction as he has me? Me alone of the marine goddesses did he make subject to a mortal husband, Peleus son of Aeacus, and sorely against my will did I submit to the embraces of one who was but mortal, and who now stays at home worn out with age. Neither is this all. *Heaven vouchsafed me a son*, hero among heroes, and he shot up as a sapling. I tended him as a plant in a goodly garden and sent him with his ships to Ilius to fight the Trojans" -- that's a very telling verse there, because it says that uranus (the kingdom of heaven) vouchsafed (lol - impregnated) her [with] a son, and he's a pretty super dude -- hero among heroes, sent with ships to ilius (ilya?) to fight the trojans (of which is helen/earth daughter of zeus and nemesis). here is once again a helen/earth producing a son (from the kingdom of heaven/uranus/orania) who seems to threaten zeus (ie, the roman/trojan empire) and so the empire has to consume this male who could dethrone zeus -- because it's prophessied that if she/earth/thetis gives birth to another son, he will overthrow zeus.
		this is quite interesting mythology indeed becuse of ralph ellis' work on jesus king of edessa, whose mother is helena and is also from the kingdom of heaven/ourania -- however, jesus of edessa (even though as a galileen, he was likely castrated eunuch) seemed to not be too receptive, it was instead paul/saul similar to joeseph (of isaac, flavius, and aramathea) who was actually the receptive vulcan able to not be consumed by zeus in the form of the roman eagle (it's another reversal, cause notice how achilles is notably not receptive at all, but the defeated antagonist of zeus/rome repeatedly has to become more and more receptive). saul is actually the hero here, as he finds a way to repaint/narrate a figure that literally most (all?) people on this planet have resonance with, and and not disrupt but transform and augment the jupiterian/roman power structure.
	obviously I'm likely perceived as a threat to the roman/jupitarian power structure as well, but I've learned my lesson to be receptive and not fight against things. though zeus has been given a prophecy that a another son of heaven and earth will overthrow him, zeus should know that that isn't necessarily the case: all temporal trajectories leading to the present are valid, making prophecy the manifestation of the God/geist that he serves. zeus can keep his power structure going for as long as I'm concerned. I'm actually interested in it staying around for *at least* another thousand years... (lol)
in fact, the whole reason why I'm writing this document is to lay out a reasonable explanation as to why I don't feel it necessary to challenge the current capitalistic/materialistic power structure, and instead if trying to fight it, I'll just make the kingdom of wherever I am (heaven or earth) to be in complete compliance with it. undesirable reality is basically a benefit and there's no reason to fight against something that can be overcome with perception anyway. I have seen over and over that the manifestations that I believed were undesirable to actually turn out to be exactly what I was looking for. I have no doubt that everything that I've been experiencing is exactly like that. I have no intention of *ever* trying to get a "good" manifestation when I can (by the reshaping of that reality with my perception) regularly see the things that I initially thought to be undesirable turn into the very thing I was really desiring. therefore, this new iteration of communism, I think very well could by exactly that. we'll see [I really need to end this; I've been typing and researching for about 9 hours now]
