# conceptual-thinking

### 2024-12-13 11:11 - migranes and stars

mom asked me an interesting question this morning about what I think migranes really are. I didn't really know and hadn't really thought about it before, so I started the attraction process to figure it out. the first thing that I noticed is that there's a lot of pressure that builds up in a spot in the brain and that's what makes the brain hurt. upon thinking about it, the only thing that I could think of which causes pressure is some kind of expansion of some kind. then, as I looked into it further, the image that developed in my head went something like this: I believe that the brain is filled with all kinds of concepts/ideas which are all kinda like the main-sequence-stars in the sky. we know that after a supernova (or, in the centre of the "planetary nebula"), there is a "white dwarf" that's left over. I believe that is the same star that supernovaed, leaving behind its far less emissive core.
the way that I picture concepts is quite a bit similar: if the concept is emissive (like a main-sequence star), then the core will be pretty solid and quite dense built up of attractive protons, and that'll have one spin direction (let's say CCW) -- and then above that solid core is a whole ocean (it's like layers of liquid) that are composed 	of many other protons all spinning in the opposite direction (CW in this example). the turbulance where these two oppositely spinning layers interact (between the core and the upper liquid ocean) creates interactions/impacts between the two, to where a barrier forms between them. it's important to notice that each time there's an impact (like when they smash two hydrogens together in the LHC) that it produces a whole lot of smaller higher frequency particles and it appears that many of them spin in opposite directions too -- which means that they'll be attracted to the core and settle in there. there are also some that are spinning in the emissive direction too, and the repulsion that they have to the upper liquid layers is what creates that barrier. the bigger (lower frequency) protons (because of centripital force? from the ocean's spin) are wanting to make their way up to the surface -- but, it takes quite a while for them to get up there and eventually, because of fusion processes, those protons will eventually create more and more massive particles (ie, the atomic elements, cosmic rays, electrons, etc) -- which also want to (because of the spin and repulsion from other protons/elements) make their way to the surface.
the whole process can be summarised like constant interactions which continually create smaller attractive protons (quarks?) and those continue to add on to the core. in a cOnceptual sense, what's happening here is that the outer liquid layers form a resonance pattern (ie, the emission spectrum) which is what the concept is emitting -- which held to the core of the concept, is the best vibrational frequency pattern which describes what the concept is attracting. this continual conversion of the lowest liquid layer (as it can no longer resist the continually increasing attraction of the core) into higher frequency attractive particles is what causes the concept to emit (vibrations which gets converted into light when it reaches earth, atoms, and all kinds of stuff). every concept, just like our star is constantly becoming more and more attractive through constant conflict because each time the lower layers are destroyed, the things that it emits in that process (into the outer world) will eventually come back as higher frequency protons, but also internally it's also continually becoming more attractive as well as its core gains density and increases in frequency (ie, all of the tiny details to the core attractive part of the concept/star are finding ways to fit together better and better).
additionally, there's also a similar process that happens as the attractive protons are trying to make their way to the centre of the core (as they become smaller and smaller), because they too are colliding with other attractive protons creating both attractive/emissive spinning particles -- which also have to find a place to settle in to. the attractive particles settle in to the spot that they most resonate with (just like the emissive particles settle into those lattice layers in the liquid ocean) -- and the emissive particles that are being created in the core will also continue to get smaller and smaller from their interactions, wanting to go to (what appears to them as) the "surface" -- which is really just the very centre of the core, where there are lots and lots of really really high frequency protons (much much smaller than quarks and stuff) that are all emitting at very high speeds. again, there's a pretty big barrier between the very centre and the attractive core. again, in the centre of that those super tiny emissive protons, there's another attractive core, -- and so on. it's fractal, IMO -- and the reason for this is because protons are just the manifestation of vibration in our physical world. those vibrations are not discreet like we would think of them in quantified terms, but have infinite harmonics that go into higher and higher frequencies. the organisation of those frequencies into structures (which are just layers of attractive/emissive), take on the physical form of stuff we call concepts/protons. those structures are how we *mentally* rationalise what they are, when our brain draws a border/boundary around one vibrational pattern and identifies that it's different than other vibrational patterns.
all concepts are the same way; they attract other concepts to them which are of similar (attractive core) vibration, and when the attraction of two concepts is strong enough (or they impact with a high enough velocity), they fuse together and form a bigger concept (usually with a pretty big emission as well). also, concepts repel one another in how they implement/emit the vibration of its core. there are infinitely many ways to implement/emit what a concept is attracting, and so the implementations that are similar eventually consolidate into bigger and bigger concepts (not without a little bit of an explosion/emission though -- which is what I call a "manifestation") and the concepts that are distinct with little in common repel each other. this repulsion of concepts is good because it provides diversity in concepts and ensures that not everything is the same thing.
	"all is one" only happens at the beginning of the universe, and that only happens for a very brief moment -- cause trajectories ensure that there will be divergence. just like any "manifestion" -- which is just concepts that are attractive enough to consolidate into a bigger concept, *not everything resonates* -- so inevitably there will again be repulsion causing separation and expansion again.
so, what I think is happening with migranes and headaches (and I remember I had quite a few of these before my brain haemorrhage) is that concepts inside of the brain are being attracted to one another -- and when they combine, often times the "manifestation" or emission caused by the merging of those concepts creates very dissonant frequencies (which the body experiences as pain). I think migranes are caused by the manifestation of concepts merging, and I think headaches are caused by the supernova or explosion that occurs when the attractive core part of a concept (like the core of a star) can no longer keep its liquid layer attached to itself anymore, and it all gets blown off, in order to be able to reform from its interactions in the outside world (ie the planets/electrons in the heliosphere). those times when a supernova occurs are like the big "aha!" moments that we experience when the liquid concepts are blown off and they resonate well with the electrons/planets, causing them to enter into a much higher energy state -- however, if the material/concepts blown off doesn't resonate well with the electrons, those impacts will cause again a whole lot of more high frequency stuff to be created (which gets attracted in at the poles) and goes on to cause the concept to have to recreate its implementation of the thing that it wants (ie, what the core concept is attracting).

### 2024-12-13 12:55 - brain function

after talking with mom and sharing some of these ideas with her, I realise now that I didn't really explain the effect of the migrane very well. I also noticed that I've never really mentioned how I talked about how the interfaces with the body either. to do this, let's notice that the brain has all kinds of concepts in it, and the interaction of those concepts (ie, when my consciousness focuses or attracts different concepts together into one space), the concepts summoned by my focus will start to interact. those interactions of those concepts will produce emissions (like solar flares), which produce electrons/comets/planets. I don't think too many of the cOncepts in the brain has a stable electron in its orbit (eg, hydrogen) and cause instead the neurons and stuff in the brain are constantly sucking these electrons up, I think just about everything that's emitted in the brain goes directly into neurons and out to the nervous system. so, for example, if I want to move my arm, I *feel* my arm moving to where I want it to go -- which causes my arm concepts and my body's spatial awareness concepts to begin orbiting each other around the point of my focus, which -- those orbits are going to inevitably cause a whole lot of emissions/flares -- which produce the electrons, which my neurons pick up and those flow down my nervous system and into my muscles to make them move (there may be other localised effects from those concepts which happen directly in my arm as well). or, let's say that I want to talk about something -- sorta like I'm doing now -- I put the concepts that I want to talk/write about into focus, and then they start spinning and orbiting one another, which creates emissions, which causes my finger/mouth muscles to move and get put into the physical medium in the form of sound or digital text. the way that the concepts orbit each other is what creates the electron orbit frequencies which are attracted to the appropriate nurons to fire which will ensure the right muscle combination happens in order to produce the text/sound that I wish to make.
those emissions don't always just move muscles -- but can also trigger hormonal changes (with different electrical signals) and even when the signal is dissonant enough, will be experienced as pain. I notice that the attraction of each concept plays a role in the output (as does the concepts present in my environment) because let's say that I summon with my focus the concepts that are necessary to paint this picture of concepts orbiting each other -- that concept is quite similar to different things I've seen about orbiting comits, binary stars, etc. -- and so my concept of how they orbit is quite extensive. when that concept is combined with my realized concept of how neurons attract electrons of certain vibrations, I notice that the way that they're orbiting one another will cause the way that I write about it to change slightly. in fact, *all concepts that are present in my focus* will have an effect on how those concepts orbit one another, thereby changing how the interactions/emissions play out and their frequency. this is why it's so important for me (to be accurate in my output) to have very few strong emotions or dissonant vibes in the general feel of the environment I write in. inotherwords, my emotion and the emotion of my environment will (sometimes strongly) affect the orbits of those concepts that I've summoned to write/talk about, thereby causing them to come out quite differently in different environments. it also means my emotion is encoded into how my muscles move, changing my animation and the tone of my voice.
the other thing that I forgot to paint the picture of is that merging (the migrane case) takes a while. each time those concepts are put into focus, their orbits will interact, and the stuff that resonates with the core of the concept will add on to its attraction/implementation. the stuff that doesn't work is what gets output (ie, the pain of the headache). so, since each time these concepts are summoned and they interact, they're going to be gradually gaining a tighter and tighter orbit, until they finally merge together (remember the "proof" of gravitational waves, where two black-holes were colliding? kinda like that). I think the migrane is long-duration because the merging of those concepts doesn't happen all at once. for example: let's say there are two really big concepts that both have differing implementations to them. as they get closer and closer together, the stuff that isn't working in those concepts will cause increasing output. [TODO]
	the story of this happening can easy be exemplified by the time leading up to my brain haemorrhage. I had all of these concepts about the future and all these great ideas in my head, plus there were all of these other concepts that were installed by religion and other things. I couldn't see how the implementation of those concepts was going to yield something that made life meaningful, so I was pretty depressed ("really, the *only* reason why were here is to worship God?!?!"). christianity is pretty good and all, because it provides a "good enough" implementation for a lot of the concepts that I had (jesus really helps here especially reading the book of matthew), but I was quickly figuring out that even the concepts that I received from the bible and church service weren't producing an implementation that felt satisfying/meaningful to me. I was terribly depressed, and the intensity of my depression continued to increase -- which caused the attraction of the core of my concepts to increase (much like my difficulty when I was in tuenti thinking that I needed to find a wife *before* I got money, because every girl I met seemed like a golddigger, which eventually (aided by patricia and raquel) caused my breakdown in alcobendas) -- cause I just couldn't figure out how to merge my christian concepts with my technological concepts (I also wanted a girlfriend/wife, but didn't think that was possible to also make the technical revolution that I wanted I wanted to make). the output from the interaction of those concepts caused tremendous amounts of depression. it kept accelerating, and eventually, with the aid of a good gym workout (or coke, like in alcobendas) which gets all of those concepts spinning around a whole lot more increasing the amount of interactions, caused those concepts to be pretty attractive to each other (I did want to do spiritual and technical stuff because both were obvious to me), turned into what I believe to be a huge merging of those concepts. [I think along the way the output of those concepts, along with depression was also forming the vein malformation which would eventually pop -- but I can't prove that because I didn't have any MRIs with dye previously] as all of those concepts merged together -- and when they did, it created a huge amount of output.
[bbl. need to go to friendly harbor now]
merging takes a while -- story about my depression
concepts with elongated orbits
electrons/planets and their orbit is different than concepts
