# conception-as-a-concept

## 2026-03-21 01:32 - trying to figure out conception

se, I'm editing my [responses to gloria](/centro-de-avemiento.md#2026-03-01-2359---dicernir-y-una-buena-conversacion-con-la-pastora), and I'm trying to figure out how to present the concepts of 0 (nada), 1 (algo), and Infinity (relations/interactions) -- and I'm really struggling to find a way to say it. I decided I would try to see how it would come out if I were to translate the concept in english (it seems that when I traslate the same concept to spanish I see new things and encounter novel ways to say the same thing) -- cause yesterday when I was trying to figure out how to explain the holy spirit, I was having trouble explaining the cOncept in spanish. I switched to english and it came out pretty easily/quickly. now, I can translate/explain the concept of the holy spirit in spanish a lot easier. so, I thought I'd try the same thing with conception (I'll start from the beginning):
- *nothing* is a point so it's abstract; it doesn't have volume; it is vibration.
- *something* is an agglomerate of *nothings/points*
- *point* is something that's a derivative of the nothing; it's also abstract, doesn't have volume, and is pure vibration.
- *concept* is an agglomerate of *points*. its
- *medium* is the perception of *something/nothing* -- where itself exists everwhere.
- *universe* is the *medium* of *nothing*, everywhere.
- *interaction* happens when *something/nothing* perceives the *medium* all around itself. everything that it perceives interferes with itself.
- *interfere* is the process of summing two vibrations with eachother. interference happens at an angle -- which roughly equates to: when things are traveling the same direction, their magnitudes add, and when they're traveling in opposite directions, their magnituedes subtract. however, -- it's helpful to think of vibrations as being similar to water, which means that when the angles are not exactly opposite, they create interference patterns causing them to begin to move around in a swirling pattern. [TODO - I really struggle to explain this concept, however, if one recognises that interference is based off of the dot product of the two angles (on a circle) then, it's easy to see how some interference patterns will want to make circles (probably around 60,120 angles -- where the sum (dot product) of the two angles will have essentially exchange energe) while others will ricochet off in weird ways, and others will absorb/cancel a lot of the energy (180). it's also important to notice that if one vibration is significantly greater in magnitude (bigger circle), it can something can appear resonant, when it's really not -- mostly because the signal of the higher magnitude point is so high. also, it's important to note that the "angle" is always relative: ie, comparing the point's position on the circle from one moment to another makes the angle vector -- so vibration in some way implies "time/relativity" of one point to another to produce the result. I really don't know how to explain all of this easily -- so I really want to find an intuitive way to explain this idea, both for myself to be able to convey -- and also so that I can tangibly work things out a lot better instead of just having to rely on handwavy explanations like dissonant, bad/good-feeling, etc.]
- *conception* happens when *something/nothing* perceives itself all around. everything it perceives *interferes* with itself.
	- when *something/nothing* looks inward, the entire *medium* will be filled with *nothing* (which is a vibrational copy of itself as a matrix of points existing everywhere), and since it's filled with *nothing*, there isn't anything else yet, so everything that it perceives will become *something* in its own perception (we can think of this as similar to the inner mind's eye/imagination). those somethings will then interact with each other. every something is a derivative of the *nothing* from which it came.
	- when *something* looks outward, since the *something* is already a derivative of *something/nothing*, it exists inside of a *medium* (of the *something/nothing* which created it) -- so there the *something* could very well be inside of many other *mediums* which are going to be populated with a whole lot of other *somethings*.
	- *conception* happens every time the vibration of the *something/nothing* goes into positive/alive/awake/conscious state (where the vibration changes from negative to positive -- ie, from attracting to emitting)
	- *introspection* happens every time the vibration of the *something/nothing* goes into a negative/dead/asleep/unconscious state (where the vibration changes from positive to negative -- ie, from emitting to attracting).
- *points* are unique vibrations. all *nothings/somethings* are *points*.
	- all points which have the exact same vibration -- which is actually impossible because all interactions create higher frequency versions of theirselves, which will have lower harmonics similar to the point, and so therefore any two points will never be able to ever be exactly the same, no matter how hard they try -- so it's better to think about all vibrations which are the same as one vibration (because they all inherit from the same *nothing*) with their magnitudes summed.

naarrated: when *nothing* becomes conscious of itself, it perceives itself everywhere -- and what it perceives from its point of view is going to be a whole bunch of interference patterns, depending on the angle it's looking. when it perceives these things, those vibrations come into being as more points (having different vibration than itself) -- and that continues on every time it looks outward/inward from it's point of view. the points with similar vibration will be attracted to one another and the ones that are the same will merge (double in amplitude), and the points that are not resonant will be repelled from one another. each time it perceives (or looks from a point of view), it creates interactions, which are quite numerous (which is why, on conception (that is, looking outward from a point of view) there's essentially an explosion) which carries on for quite some time (this is the growth phase) until its world either settles into a stable state, or it essentially destroyes itself. also, each time it looks from its point of view, what it perceives interferes with its own vibration (constructively and destructively). it's impossible for the nothing to create a stable per 
