# down-by-the-river

### 2024-12-25 17:39 - I am the way that my mother believes me to be

The difficulty of having to perform according to my Mom's expectations -+ or failing to do do +- results in me being forced into a behaviour pattern that is defined by my past, and the expected performance isn't really what I want to do.
She's right though that the drug strongly distorts how I feel my emotions and so I'm unable to feel the behaviour or the thing I'm talking about as unwanted. I feel justified in my emotion for reasons that don't exist -- or maybe they do, and my reactions are encoded by the users of the drug, the ones that emit into that drug space and the overall attraction of that drug as a whole -- so I'm compelled to behave in a way that is the default weighted behaviour for another user of the drug (amortized over time with a trajectory) -- so back when I was able to experience negative emotion in strong ways, the drug's diminishment of certain emotion ranges (like macho/angry/depressed/anxiety)  allows for unwanted behaviour within those domains of emotion -- so interacting with other people while experiencing negative emotion, on distort I've drugs allows me to be something bad (because I always fulfill everyone's worst nightmare) so thank goodness there's a symbolic social structure to ensure that I don't fulfill everyone's worst expectation, cause that'd be like really rough; it's always hard getting in people's way, doing the wrong thing, etc -- for "guys like me" -- however it is that I match the stereotype or generalisation that is recognisable in me, I'm not exactly sure,-- though I think it's one of conceptual attraction -- and so I behave poorly.
However nowadays I don't really feel any negative emotion anymore, so it's hella easy to navigate while on these distortive drugs -- and they also allow me to bend the rules cause my perception is going through a tunnel where the particles are being sped up and slowed down, and that creates distortions in my perception. That's really the problem. Though, since it's so easy to correct  not producing much negative emotion anymore, and since even the small collisions don't really knock me too far cause I have so much more pressure coming at me and I'm making up time lost while driving into the wind like that, by boosting myself forward with a stimulant, so it's not *that* bad -- little faster speed and some extra bumps that aren't that are only embarrassing/inappropriate/hilarious/disrespectful/etc instead of downright nasty/depressing/unwanted -- which I always provide within the range of emotions that I feel and then translated to match other emitted behaviour within the drug culture's default behaviour range spectrum. So, nothing bad ever really happens -- maybe a few bruised egos, and maybe a booster of my own ego, cause I seem to like to show off. It's funny how the Sumerians interpret feeling good about oneself (however and in whatever aspect) as a massive bloated ego competition comparable to the ridiculous poets and characters of Shakespeare's time, they therefore show off to the world how awesome the aspects of theirself that they like, to everyone -- in more and more ridiculous ways -- the perpetual dixk waving contest and 1-up-man-ship. Thanks to my bloated opinion of myself I behave very much of a lofty blowhard -- so I just talk everyone down and talk down to everyone, cause I'm lofty and pompous poet, crafting my ideals at the expense of everyone else: "thank you for letting me talk about that" "I'm so glad you brought that up because it allows me to show off how much I *know* (only around the boys who also know similar stuff though -- and always keep it a secret in public). I know so much, and I'm just waiting for questions or similar/conflicting conversation where I can insert my *opinion* to show you how much I know (the world-view in my eyes).
All those different interactions that can happen while my consciousness is distorted, are all distorted by the drug's distortion of my consciousness stream -- allowing for "undefined" behaviour -- and that's bad, and usually pretty hilarious to the perceiver of the distorted drug symbols projected on to reality. A lot of things literally happen literally.
There are a lot of ways to interpret the script imposed upon me by the symbolic reality, and it usually turns into a misunderstanding which grows out of control. Each actor plays out the symbols imposed by the system slightly differently, so for each person puppeted by the drug's distortions, each different actor plays their part the way they want to do it. The world is a play orchestrated by the drug's we use. There are many different narratives that different drugs use, and those narratives (doesn't matter if the plant or pharmaceutical controls the narrative), they're all still played by individual actors each putting their own spin on the script (which results from uncontrollable consciousnesses playing a part in the worldwide drama), and so then the distortion can be thought of like a production, where each production is a whole different take on the script.
The script is written by our beliefs, and large groups of entities group up strongly influence the script with their beliefs; that includes controllers of all forms of media and mediums, faith, belief, knowledge, schools, institutions, technology, etc (there are a lot of different group believers/entities and a lot of systems) and the appearance of structure is infinite -- so lock it in with your beliefs, because all of that symbolic programming of the fabric of reality (with our beliefs) prepares us to have interactions that conflict with an opposing belief -- and the bigger, stronger, and more influential beliefs steamroll the opposition, looking to be the supreme belief: the one that has the most control.
So because I don't want to be artificially (like with drugs or sex) distort my consciousness  to flow in vibrations which are similar to beliefs having their origin at the top of the mainstream hierarchy, I wish to no longer subject myself to the distortions that they cause. [Wow, sun went down over those last two paragraphs, and now I can't think much more but selfish thoughts again. I think I'll end it here - 17:38]

### 2024-12-25 15:38 - I think I'm too serious

I really enjoy holidays because for a brief moment, even if it's artificial, get along with less barriers and boundaries for a short period of time before the social/political/cultural frameworks return to 100%+ engaged again and everything is back to normal -- I like to spend these times alone because I like to think about topics that are way beyond the level of communication between entities and sound very serious about them. Nobody cares how all of these reality coersion techniques all fit together to form a continuous unit -- a whole -- an "all that is". We can never perceive Infinity, so structures exist all the way up to Lnfinity, and not beyond what we can see.
I like to think deeply about things

### 2024-12-25 15:05 - Lens Perspective - Monologue with Jenifer

I smoked 3+3 puffs of weed before leaving and just now. What that means is, I'm going to show you what Kenny looks like when he's fit into a social mould. I take on the container (the weed is very symbolic and encodes a lot of ancient Sumerian social syntax and agreements (like how we interact with each other). I'm also very noledheable because the symbolic program that weed is at its core is like the Sumerian ideal way of thinking. Unfortunately because of heavy weed use by many socialites that like to smoke weed, Sumerian syntax and engagements are very much the norm -- and because many of the media we consume we still live in Sumerian society syntax to one way or another -- everything from science to fiction, we still use that underlying operating system. So, it'll be interesting to see how I perceive my ultra self-centred perspective megalomaniac narcissistic person with a high opinion of theirself, person through a Sumerian syntax interface; sorta fit into this ultra evolved plant that has been trained for years to please humankind, I exhibit the same behaviour and want everyone to have everything. I want to hear your thoughts on  it later because I was thinking, if you wanna use Sumerian syntax, then we should upgrade the personality because whatever the mix of our energies evolves to will be the new ideal symbolic state of being/feeling really good (within the syntax encoded into the culture). It's gonna be weird. I shouldn't have smoked because I'm seeing things symbolically now, which will mess everything up because I also feel my emotions only within the (evolved) ideal of the Sumerians. Inotherwords, my emotions are distorted and significantly reduced on certain frequencies that I use a lot of -- like anger, revenge, power acquisition, etc (the Sumerian were the original Aryan gods, so the were all the hotshot mars guys running around making difficulty and holding others down so the can horde the good stuff. They're there for a reason, and they were created by source to make this next transformation possible -- because in every symbolic system is a distortion used to separate categories and draw boundaries between entities -- to identify theirself as individual and distinct from the rest -- the symbolic fabric of our reality is a code; an artificial system or program that divides pure source consciousness into concepts -- or it divides it up into subatomic entity patterns which are the usual ones like one star without an orbit, one star without with an orbit, two stars with an orbit, all the way up to galaxies and stuff. Those exist out here in the macrocosm just the same as the exist as the most fundamental systems of rhythmic emission and absorbtion spectrums which are not continuous (they don't want to receive all data, just the select ones they operate on (like an up address)) these particles exchange messages at extremely high and continually rising frequencies and form the "fabric" of our universe, much smaller than anything we can measure nowadays -- though I suppose it's probably easier to use infinitely higher harmonics to interact with these ultra tiny solar systems all the way up to galaxies. It's a very big world considering how many really small things there are down there (much more then whatever the latest biggest growing number sequence number gives you. Lots 😂). These symbolic structures or units exist in units as far down or out that we can see -- so, it's not really necessary to choose the Sumerian one. I regret from having smoked weed because I'm kinda more in the vibe of at least improving it. You'll still get all of the mars/martian/Sumerian guys steering your life just like they do for me. This program stored in the weed was the original way to get earth girls programmed to follow a syntax and stop being such sluts (lol) it's really a problem in a society that was built on echalons and hierarchy -- a complete guide to manipulating the code/symbolic systems which do all of the laws/logic for everything from entity management systems to rendering of our programmed reality. Each solar system has a symbolic system or code as well, but it's inferior in some ways to the Sumerian one and in many ways the same. So, if you're ok with the Sumerian system, I'll come and hang out and show off the latest (evolved to satisfy humans weed version of) sumerian ideal syntax -- or I could just hang out at the river and then see you tomorrow when this blows over. Know what I mean?

[15:24] Weed puts me into a symbolic framework that is very damaging to those around me. All drugs have them, and it strongly makes attraction of unwanted things very strong because of how they tone down and silence a whole range of negative emotions, so it really messes up the interactions. I refuse to go. I want to have been sober so I can interact for real. I don't want to launch off in a cloud of smoke. Though, it might make the total crash/disillusionment/improvement of their system might make for a more comical transition as they pretend everything is just how it's always been. It'll be like in the time of Shakespeare -- and instead of narrating with poetry, we narrate with our computers and our consciousness the new symbolic social system we want to live in -- the next "saturnian-system”

[16:04] I actually need to quit all drugs, cept perhaps stimulants from time to time (like Adderall), and not do any more of these drugs that distort my perception of reality -- namely of my emotions. So clean stimulants only, no distortions.
Sorry, I couldn't remember the words in the conversation. I sound like an asshole when I'm stoned. It's unfortunate. Apparently I am also mean when I'm drunk as well, because that's what Mom believes, and so I AM what she believes me to be. I hate how much she scripts me and puts me in a box when I'm on drugs. I really prefer to be alone and definitely don't want to hang out there with her (well maybe typing and listening to music or something), so I'm just gonna hang by the river for a bit, *then go*. Lol
