# drug-theory

### 2024-09-11 12:24 - dopamine and the production of images

yesterday, when I was talking to my presription drug pusher (she's also pretty smart) stacy, about the function and action of dopamine, I realised that I figured out addiction's phisiologcal mechanism. I'll summarise/expand the conversation here: (all of this is my experience) dopamine is an emitter, which (afaik) a single receptor never fires all by itself. they fire in groups, and what they're doing is turning thre impulse (desire) into something motive (an image). the reason groups of them fire is that because the head is a closed/defined space, all of the differernt emissions will interfere with each other, and this will produce an astral/defined image that the brain has been trained to receive. so, for example, let's say that I want to feel good, which means that my dopamine receptors will fire, and that will (because I've trained it to) produce an image which will have the concepts of going to the fridge and looking for food, grabbing a candybar, etc. -- and I don't know if it produces a visible image for other people or not, but the intersection of those dopamine emissions will produce a concept-like structure (maybe something like a hologram) which will contain all of my solutions to wanting to feel good. obviously, that structure will largely be influenced by the vibration in my environment (people, germs, thoughts/emotions, etc), and also it'll be strongly affected by my mood, because, I think serotonin is the power source for dopamine to emit.
    the thing is, vraylar disables a lot of dopamine receptors, which means that instead of it producing a full image, I only get a partial image out of it -- which, in my case, because my concepts are directly connected to my input/output devices (mouth and body), it makes movement and talking a lot more difficult for me. so, when I don't get the full image, it strongly impairs my ability to function, because I simply can't translate my desire into a motive force (image or movement) very easily with a bunch of those receptors disabled.
another thing to consider is that this action of turning desire into an image, is the main source of tesla's visual capacity, and my ability to "look into things", so it can work for really anything that anyone wants. the only thing that the user will need to do is to learn to discern signal from noise, because dopamine emission seems to be programmed by the person but also passed down genetically trrough the parents, becuse in my process of increasing my accuracy, I would often times see/feel concepts pop up in responce to my desire which clarly were something my parents would say,-- or it's a belief that I had acquired from the church or a political organisation. each time the desire is turned into a structure, the brain filters out and interprets the resulting structure as something that *I believe* (ie the encoded neuronal structure of the brain) is the most probable/likely thing to be the best wat to turn that desire into action (ie, the most motivating).

### 2024-10-09 19:59 - dopamine and talking

recently I've been on abilify -- another drug with dopamine receptor antagonists -- and on it too, I have difficulty talking sometimes. what happens is I go to say something, but the concepts in my brain don't form the correctr facial and tongue positions in order to say the word correctly, and it sounds like I'm slurring my speech or have a dry mouth or something. for me, the feeling is pretty uncomfortable because it feels like my face is being distorted a whole bunch while trying to talk. it took me a while to figure out what's happening, but I believe what is taking place is that since my dopamine receptors are being used/shutdown by the drug, then when I go to conjure the image of the concept that I want to speak, instead others around (turns out they don't even need to be in the room) conjure the concept that I'm receiving, their dopamine receptors aren't blocked, so instead of getting my own dopamine concept/image, I get theirs instead -- and obviously the way they convert that concept/image into speech isn't the same way as I do, so my face distorts and goes all weird.
    what that means is, I'm not converting my own concepts into speech anymore, which is why I often times have to wait a moment until their concept's intensity dies down before I can try the translation process again and get it kinda right. anyway, it's sorta annoying that I'm not getting my own dopamine responses anymore, which is why I'm not getting the usual extreme depth to my concepts anymore (they're mostly all shallow now and I can't perceive deep into the concept I want to translate).
so what that means for the future is, I either stay on the dopamine antagonists and I find a way to merge my concepts with theirs (whoever it is that's translating my concepts into dopamine before I am), or I quit these stupid dopamine antagonists altogether and get my own cocnepts back. if I choose to merge, then the people that are trying to take over my concepts will experience an increase in depth of their concepts as well -- which may not bode well for them, because it means increased attraction. what I mean is, if I keep going, I may consider going with none of my concepts (ie, full antagonism) and then only the strongest of them will survive :) anyone who makes it through that kind of rapid increase in depth will either be on my side, or a worthy foe. (it's essentially the consequence of haing lost my visual aspect; but they won't lose their visual aspect -- so it'll be really intense and attraction really strong). we'll see. I guess I'll talk to stacey first -- though I doubt she'll admit that I'm translating her dopamine now instead of my own. we'll see.

#### 2024-10-09 21:21 - some implications

one of the things that I noticed recently when I've been here at mom's house, is that I have these random impulses to lay down (or a strong feeling of tiredness), or to eat something. what I realised is happening, is that I'm receiving mom's translation of her cOncepts back into action. so, for example let's say that mom has something that she needs to do -- so her brain's dopamine will convert that into a series of images and things, but her resolution to those images (ie, how to feel good) will be to go get something to eat, or to lay down for a moment. well, I receive those images too, and so I frequently feel the need to lay down or go eat something, too. there are also implications regarding how others' (like say girls') desire to feel good as well. I mentioned to stacey that on vraylar I noticed that other people's desire has an affect on me. usually I don't really feel it at all, just recognising that it's there (cause I can sense and am sensitive to others' images produced by dopamine) but not really doing anything about it -- however on vraylar (which has a different set of dopamine antagonists) I did notice that I would feel the impulse to play out the image in m/ head pretty strongly.
    I haven't fully figured out the [brb - 21:49] way that it all works with concepts and black-holes and stuff, but what I've noticed is that even though I'm translating other people's dopamine responses, I'm somehow adding to their concepts. OK, so imagine that there's an image and a whole bunch of symbolic stuff that most people see, but behind that (in the living-blackness) there's a whole conceptual landscape to those images. that landscape is attractive, so people literally see whatever they want to see in those dopamine images (ie, the concept is translated into the most likely/desired/feared image) -- so what's happening is that I'm significantly increasing the amount of black-holes in the dopamine responses in others -- cause it's not my own and I also have tons of symbolic knowledge about the images presented by others' dopamine, so I attract (expect to see) a lot of stuff that's missing there in the image, dramatically increasing the number of black-holes in their living-blackness. more black-holes creates more white-spheres, which creates a more vivid/attractive image for them (I perceive the concepts directly) -- so whether they know it or not, their attraction to a bunch of high frequency stuff they can't see (the white-spheres are too small / high resolution to be able to make out appropriately -- or maybe in higher dimensions than 4d).

### dopamine and vraylar
### the way I think meth works