# drug-talk

### 2024-09-03 09:21 - drug talk

in a few hours I have an appointment with my therapist about vraylar and drugs in general -- so I decided I wanted to write about it a bit before I go to kinda prime some of the ideas in my head and maybe there will be some inspired writing that happens as well.
a week or so ago I tried meth for the first time. I  took it very slow cause I didn't know what to expect (Hollywood portrays it as this insane time of high intensity emission) so being a bit scared of it, I only took 3×~2 puffs  over the course of a few hours. we walked by the river and it was pretty chill. after the first hits I didn't notice any effect whatsoever. in fact, it only made me feel more calm and relaxed, which was quite a pleasant feeling (no pleasure or euphoria). the second and third time I didn't really experience anything significant. still having a bit of fear of it, I figured I should just quit for the day since it was such a nice experience.
then, a few days ago I tried it again for the second time. this time now that I know the drug I intended to go a bit beyond the previous one. honestly, I can't remember much of the details now because that day was the start of being awake for ~72h. sparing much of the details, it was the full junkie experience. I met a lot of new people and tried to gain as much knowledge of the experience from other people as possible -- but I consider now looking back on it, that my questions and their answers probably altered the experience of the drug significantly. this time, as I did more and more, I did finally start to experience it as a stimulant, and at its height, I started to feel agitation so I passed on a few rounds. in addition to agitation I also started to slur and have difficulty pronouncing some words, along with a lot of incomplete sentences and a general difficulty sequencing word output into correct order. I also noticed I over-explained caviats to my sentence/word choices
    I think that happens because going at a faster speed, I'm in robot/survival mode, so I'm trying to logically process things because the normal data stream is out of sync with time. to illustrate, imagine my brain runs at 1000fps -- well, to keep my slow and controlled, I only experience 30-60 fps of the 1000 -- and they're usually at regular intervals too, so I've gotten used to running at a slower speed. however, on higher doses of meth, the frames I see often have different sized gaps in them, and that makes it more difficult to process, cause like a microprocessor, I'm performing operations like decoding and branch predicting, expecting them to be done and ready for the next operation, but with irregular gaps, sometimes they come early or late -- and when the culmination of the operations is all done (ie, I understand and get their concept) my concept of what they said might need refinement or clarification as we continue to talk, my concept of what they're saying grows till I have that O-moment when I know the next question/comment I should say to continue expanding my concept of what they're saying (which is usually when I blurt out my response) and that process continues all the way up till I feel like I've reached a solution or improvement on the idea -- or someone changes the subject.
at some point, I started to get too high and the meth was actually making everything from movement (especially on my left-side) and talking, to comprehension and formulation of ideas *much more difficult*. I tried to keep myself just under that level, but sometimes I passed it again. that level is quite easy to recognise and it's also quite easy to manage, too (minus social pressures/expectations to smoke more). the weird thing about maintaining that level is that I experienced no mental fatigue whatsoever, and could have probably kept going much longer than 72h. another effect of getting too high on it, is that the higher I get, the more noise there is in my head which causes severe audio/video hallucinations.
    all hallucinations happen because the input data is unrecognisable in some way (usually cause it's too fast/much) that the brain fills in the unrecognizable bits with images/sound of what I expect/want/fear to be there in my emotional state.
I also experimented with absorbing all the smoke, because I noticed that the smoke is white, so just like a vape (which also has white smoke), the longer I hold the smoke in my lungs, the more it will absorb. I found I can take a small hit, and absorb all the smoke which makes for a longer duration high with a slower come-up -- whereas I get the intense rush feeling when the smoke is really thick and dense, which produces a low-duration high-intensity high instead. I found I preferred smaller hits, absorbing all the smoke. [ooop, gotta go]

### 2024-09-04 15:19 - vraylar and stuff

studying the effects of vraylar on me, dopamine seems to be crucial to a very large portion ofy brain function because while on it, my major difficulty was apathy, because the way I make decisions is to present myself with the concepts of the options, and the one that feels good to me (ie, the one that gives me a dopamine hit) is the one that I select; and if none feel good to me, I don't do anything. so, when my dopamine receptors are blocked, I am apathetic to doing anything cause nothing feels good to me. it was suggested to me that I make decisions logically instead based on what I need or supposed to do, but that inevitably just makes me a robot bereft of intuitive impulses -- following a script. I personally don't like that style of operation because I'm steered by logical conclusions I've come to of my "memory" of past experience. additionally my inherent naievity permits me to do and believe anything, so I'm highly succeptable to be swayed by outside opinion cause I'm not getting dopamine responses to other suggestions. I found that the only way that I can keep myself safe in a world full of schemers is to follow my intuition/dopamine -- even if logically I've been trained to do something different.
    I rely on that feedback learn and adjust in a high-speed conversation. I don't think fast enough to be able to process everything someone is saying in the moment, so that feedback is important to keep me going the way I want to go in a conversation. the other thing I noticed is that I really struggle conversationally as well because those responses indicate to me subjects that I should avoid, or during a lull, what is the next subject to approach. no new subjects inspire me and I just stand there kinda confused where to take the conversation. I guess that forces me to be more of a listener than a talker, so that's good -- but I kinda hate it because I want to talk about things that I want to talk about. most people's conversation is meaningless gibberish or acknowledgement/reinforcement of something perceived to be important. I don't really want to listen to someone, unless it's a subject I find interesting. also, dopamine helps me to grasp/feel the general concept of what someone is saying, so that I don't have to listen to all the details -- allowing me to think of a proper response for them while they're recounting the rest of the details.
mom told me today though that my dopamine responses aren't only received by me, but apparently others receive them as well -- which is really annoying for a lot of people I'm sure because my dopamine emission will be affecting the concepts in my brain but also in those around me. presently, there's nothing I can do about it and it's totally "not my problem" -- but I did want to make genetics that would solve that problem -- just saying.
I'm probably going to try vraylar again tomorrow and let the experiment run 4 days with only one pill per day instead. who knows, maybe it's possible for me to make a symbolic system of interaction based on something else (cause my brain must find a way to get that feedback again).

### 2024-09-05 14:44 - second try on vraylar

so the thing about vraylar is that it has a half-life of ~9-15 days, which means that no matter what, if I take the drug daily, I have an infinity increasing amount in my system -- though it hits an asymptote, so there is a max, but still a 1.5mg dose results in a much higher amount in the system after a month of usage. I need to write a calculator to give exact numbers, but I'd guess it approaches a maximum of about ~10x the daily dose. so, having that in mind, I decided to make a second try on it, taking only one pill per day for 4 days, so I can feel the acceleration. the first thing I noticed is that I felt more apathetic and stuff at firrst, but a few hours later I started feeling a lot better. I'm not sure if the drug has built up a dependency or not, but even the apathy and depression that I felt before from the previous attempt went away. the only variable is I drank a bit of caffeine in that time period, which I haven't had much or any of in a few weeks. I'm not quite sure what makes the drug better on continued use, but it probably has a pretty awful comedown after extended use (this experiment is only for 4d, so prolly not long enough to say concretely).

### 2024-09-11 16:17 - third try on meth

I smoked a small amount of meth today (I only got close to being "too high"), and I noticed that it elevated my mood a bit (really not much), but the main thing is that I noticed that it helped my locomotion a bit (kinda a lot, actually, once I got moving). I think the extra dopamine in my brain made it a little smoother (it felt like more fps), *but* I also noticed that I would hit these difficult to move zones -- spaces where the resonance patterns my nurons make couldn't reach (dead-zones) -- so I imagined a new type of neuron that isn't designed to just emit one signal in one direction (like a gun), but instead it looks like a rope, where he neurons are twisted into a spiral, allowing for full range of emission leaving no dead-zones. the problem is, I haven't figured out signalling, so I'd need some kind of multiplexer or for the neuron to know to allows the signal to pass-through without emitting (cause all of the neurons are connected like fibres in a rope) -- and I was trying to figure out how to actually create the new neuron in my body, [then I found shrooms](/the-plan.md#2024-09-11-1536---the-safeway) so they may be the answer -- but that'd be cool if I could somehow rearrange the neurons in my LH to be the new rope type ones. we'll see. other than that, the trip was completely uneventful. nothing happened, and I barely felt anything (I didn't want to get "too high", so I purposefully smoked very little)

### 2024-11-10 15:24 - some thoughts on adderall

the last few weeks or so I've been on ever-increasing amounts of adderall. I started on 5mg IR, which is like this quick disolve tablet, and that one was a lot of fun. it gave me a rush (kinda similar to meth) because the comeup was so rapid. stacey said (essentially) that I shouldn't be having fun on adderall, so she switched me over to 5mg XR, which I've read that it's supposed to deploy in two stages: once gradually at the beginning, then again 4h later or so. I'm not exactly sure if it's 2x5mg doses, or the 5mg dose spread out over a longer period of time, but from my experience, it feels more like the latter. at any rate, the 5mg XR tablet, I couldn't even really feel any difference at all when taking it (like maybe a little bit more mental clarity, but hardly noticeable). she then put me on 10mg XR and still I didn't notice much of an effect, but at least this time I could notice it. I just felt really calm and good, nothing special -- and definitely not like the speed increase that I got from the original 5mg IR tabs (that one was more like how low doses of meth felt to me). so, she put me up to 15mg XR, and now I'm really starting to feel this calm warm glow around me when I'd take it. I really liked it. I have to preface it though by saying that it was usually the case where I'd take the adderall right before I would go out walking to wherever it is I was going to go that day -- and I typically walk about 1-5 miles, so it's a fair bit of exercise. when I arrive to wherever I'm going, I feel really great, the weather is usually quite nice (usually it warms up a bit), and I have this nice glow and feel about me -- plus a much stronger feeling of connection to the people around me (both their anxiousness and tension but also their good-feeling emotoions too). it's really great, and I was thinking that maybe 15 or 20mg XR dose might be the one for me. I usually like to find the limit though, so I asked stacey if I could try out the 20mg and see how that goes. if I don't have a good experience on the 20mg, I'll go back to the 15mg one.
I got the 20mg tablet, and that's when things started to get really strange. first of all, I'd like to note that adderall (and also meth) seems to increase the speed of attraction for me (and also perhaps for others around me), so I was prepared to start living life a bit more in the fast lane. I know that my job isn't to be an emitter, so I've been getting better and better at not doing things that are too emissive (however, I must say that walking/exercising, because of the way the human body is built might be quite emissive). the calmness, glow, and connection that I feel around others really helped me to just listen to the other person, taking in what they said emotionally/conceptually, and not trying to jump into action or words to sort out any problems. that made me quite a nice person to be around, and it really felt to me like I was starting to be a person that others liked to be around (instead of the abrasive person that tries to offer the solution to everyone (even if they don't want it) because I can see the emotional concept of what they're saying so clearly).
my first day on the 20mg IR I went to go see naomi (my talk therapist, essentially), and I don't remember what I was telling her about too much now --
	oh yeah, so society is very emission-based in how it teaches people to be. it doesn't really train anyone or expect anyone to be receptive, so for example, for anyone talking about happiness, it's usually linked to what you're *doing*. inotherwords, someone has to be outputting something in order to find happiness. I used to think the same thing myself, and if I didn't have a sort of creative output, I'd start to cause problems and become very unhappy and depressed, because I couldn't see any creation or new thing that I was working on. I even identified so much with my creative output, I would think that the things that I was creating or inventing are a reflection of me, and so therefore I could look at my creations and somehow identify myself in them. they were my pride and joy -- my children/babies -- the things that I invested all of my time and effort into. however, this is not a very receptive way of living.
		shakespere has a play based on this, called "timon of athens" -- a guy who's very generous and is giving, giving, giving (or in my case creating), but isn't all that receptive. when it came to receiving things, his inability to receive results in a terrible tragedy.
	anyway, I'm moving into a new form of perception which is "only-attraction" -- which inplies that if it's attraction, then it's all reception. it's a different form of thinking where concepts move toward me at ever increasing rates, much like a black-hole, and so the concepts that are moving away from me are the ones that are not as resonant to me as the other ones. it's also part of becoming a centre as well, because I'm continually becoming more and more attractive, to the point that everything is accelerating in toward me at increasing rates, such that things which are more resonant than dissonant to me will continue to become more and more resonant with me, the closer they get (and they want to get closer, so it forces them to become like me), but at the same time, there are a whole lot of things that don't want to become like me, and so they have to find a way of making theirselves *different* than me. it's the same thing that you'll see at the centre of a galaxy, where all of the stars that are around the centre black-hole, *don't want to be like the centre black hole*, and so they differentiate theirselves in some way to make the distance. it's a basic feature of nature, and the way that it increases diversity.
		once something achives a superior state of being (ie, its base concept is desirable quite a few other concepts), then that thing starts to become highly receptive, because it's reached a sort of peak or final form for itself, so now all improvements that it can gain don't come anymore from itself (cause its concept of itself is perfect in its own perception), so therefore it becomes highly receptive to all of the other copies of itself that it makes out in the wild. the black-hole becomes the "source" or the receptor, of all of the diverse energetic outputs of all of the white-spheres that make derivatives of that concept (the core usually remains the same, or highly similar enough to remain highly resonant with the original concept that it's imitating). there are infinite white-sphere derivatives possible from the core, and each of those white-spheres offers both a new perspective/dimension/angle looking inward toward the centre and also an altered/mutated/unwanted version that the centre wouldn't want to have that way. the derivatives are the new source of unwanted, and a great source of inspiration to the centre. becoming receptive like that and exporting oneself outward into mutated/demiurge/derivative beings is how diversity is done, and is the natural state of progression and evolution.
	so, anyway, my goal at this time is to start to learn how to just be receptive to people, taking in their concepts at ever increasing rates, not trying to push them (or their ideas/concepts/perspectives/perceptions) away, just continuing to increase my attractiveness. essentially, I'm losing my outer skin -- my flesh, or my emissive (this is who I am) sort of external part of m5. obviously, it's going to take a bit, because I still have a lot of m/ symbolic self still remaining -- meaning, that I still have many definitions of who I am and all that stuff. that'll eventually all go away, and eventually everyone will see and interact with the person that they desire/fear me to be -- ie, I'll be a realisation/rendering of the cOncept that they have of me. I already notice this all the time, and it's actually pretty annoying. around a person that thinks that I'm a whatever (ie, thief, playboy, magician, murderer, etc) I'll be exactly like that. I don't see myself as a lot of things that others see me as, and so it's kinda/really annoying to become whatever everyone else thinks I am. I'm trying to isolate more and more to be around neutral or similar people to who I think I am, so that I have appropriate behaviour, but obviously this is a difficult balance to have.
		there's likely a whole bunch of people that are dedicated to just ensuring that I'm around only these types of neutral people, likely helped tremendously by the earth, because I'm sure I could easily throw things way out of balance. it's probably the reason why nosebook and all of that exists. I try to work with them, but they seem unwilling to cooperate with me, and it causes problems. they don't want me around too many people that are similar to me (very energetically receptive), and they neither want me to be around too many people that are dissimilar to m5 (very emissive), so I'm constantly having a quick turnaround on the people that I'm around, and it's probably why I don't really have many friends either.
	I understand that the people around me cannot be too conceptually similar (ie not too resonant), cause if they were too resonant, I'd find them also highly attractive -- and anyone that starts to get too conceptually close to me (ie, they have a lot of concepts that I resonate with), I really want to (I guess kinda like the borg), learn all about their concepts and assimilate everything they have to offer. therefore, to keep that distance, it seems that there's probably some sort of global network where it can be symbolically coordinated to identify and keep certain people distant from me. (not sure why -- perhaps, it's cause we'd become conceptually one, or I'd assimilate them into my consciousness or something, and that'd be a very difficult thing to control -- not sure).
	point is, I explained to naomi that my time of having creative output is over. I don't really see myself as having a family, I my friends/relationship situation is a bit wierd, and so the I'm (I didn't really tell her this), beginning to switch over into a receptive lifestyle now, where I just absorb concepts from those around me, and only really output in reaction to their energetic/conceptual input (ie, I won't go out of my way to speak my mind (which is going away) unless they request something or push me energetically, I can react to that). I left feeling pretty good about myself, cause I said what I wanted to say (most of the above) in a way that she could understand, not really getting into too much unnecessary detail.
after that, I decided I was going to walk to friendly harbor. it was snowing outside and I really felt like as I was walking the air and the environment around me was warming up and starting to turn into nice weather. by the time I got there, it had stopped snowing. I felt like if I kept walking, the sky would have cleared up, and it would have started to turn into a really nice day. walking on adderall, especially through nature (I was walking up fountain creek trail), is very very pleasant, and the extra energy that it provides is also quite nice.
	I also noticed that a walk that used to take me 45m when sober, on 5mg took me only 40m, and on 15mg only took 32-35m -- which is quite a marked improvement in speed. when I walk I sorta just zone out and let my body navigate the roads. it's kinda like listening to someone while using my phone. I'm hearing them, and if there's something interesting (like a car or a street I need to cross), I can start to pay attention, but really my attention is on what's happening on my phone. the same thing happens when I walk, but I don't know where my attention is exactly. I think I just have a stream of thoughts or something. I can remember the important bits too, but from my perspective, it's just kinda a blur, and then I'm there -- so, whatever it is about adderall, I seem to perform the same task in less time. I also use that sorta blurring of my conscious mind all the tim5 when doing work as well. the work gets done, and it anything needs to be looked into, I can jump in, but then the whatever task is complete. adderall really makes that style of labour a lot more enjoyable (I think it's like driving a car, but I don't drive so I couldn't say). any type of exercise -- a rhythmic activity that requires low consciousness and some amount of physical exertion gives me that glow and calm feeling.
	the other effect I noticed is that one 200mg gellcap of ibuprofen will intensify the adderall a bit for about an hour. I discovered this one by accident, and higher dosages don't have the effect so I'd like to go lower -- but 200mg is the smallest dose I have, I can't say for sure but I think smaller doses might intensify adderall's effect even more more.
once I got to friendly harbor, that's when things really started to get weird. it was election result day (2024-11-06) so they had the TV on, and somewhere around there I got a serious thing which has caused my right arm and elbow to be quite swollen since. I postulate that it had something to do with the weather, and also with how I was influencing others on adderall. ever since then adderall has been quite a bit different for me. I no longer get the glow and the intense feeling of calm. now, I experience tightness in the chest (coughing and wheezing, kinda like I have asthma), sometimes even clenching of the teeth, and lots of extra tension.
I've taken the 20mg the last few days now, and I've been getting used to the extra tension. I no longer experience teeth clenching, and so far all of the feelings of tension that manifest emotionally, I no longer experience (ie, impatience, paranoia, etc) but I still have the tightness in my chest. I think probably by about a week or so I may be able to fix that one. it's going to require a perceptual change I'm not totally sure of. it's a good thing because (a long time ago) I used to have adderall's effects naturally (mom wouldn't put me on ritalin as a kid), so when performing rhythmic exercise (like repetitive labour in a factory), I would experience that calm and glow, able to just sorta "check out" for entire tasks, just letting my body do the work. I also remember as a kid I had this asthma that would happen as well when my thoughts would start to go to fast, and I wasn't able to keep them in control (ie, they'd make tightness in the chest, which would cause me to starts to breath less deeply causing more stress until the runaway feedback loop would require medical treatment). it'd be kinda like that now with the feeling of stress (in relation to symbolic/word/logical output), so I'm just going to have to find a way to not need to be OK with how I feel, and not need to express it into words/logic for others, to allow that chest tightness to go away. it's a process, but I'm slowly getting it. I already feel fully functional on 20mg already.
I'm really enjoying learning how to be functional and stuff while running at faster and faster speeds. I've been running at such slow speeds for such a long time that I feel like it's kinda fun to go at a little faster rate. I know that my DNA is adjusting to these increasing attraction speeds, and it really feels to me that a lot of the tension and stuff that I feel in my body, isn't really my own. it's like I'm receiving a lot of the stress and tension of others around me, absorbing it -- then my body and DNA is just transforming it into a good feeling again. I'm pretty confident that I'll be back to feeling the calm and glow again (even on 20mg).
	if I can keep regaining that good feeling even when the dosage keeps increasing, it really makes me wonder if someone would be able to then take my DNA and use some of it to just smoothe over the effects of higher speeds like this. what I mean is, for autistic people, I've noticed that a lot of them function at faster speeds (ie, higher sensitivity), so what if a part of my DNA would make it possible to make the baseline of these new kids coming in, to just feel calmness in the midst of environmental input that causes them stress and tension.
	I also wonder to how much of an extent that I'm already doing this now. it felt to me when I was at friendly harbor that others there were sorta acclimating to how I feel. I personally believe that the X chromosome is one of the more rapidly mutating bits of our code, constantly adding in new concepts that a new child would want to know (including technology and other modern idea) -- so, it's quite possible that just my presence, or my willingness to continue to do these things are putting new concepts into the genome which are just built right in to the new kids' code. inotherwords, I'm upgrading everyone around me all the time, and so perhaps I could make my time here a whole lot easier for the higher speed people. those concepts I'm adding which produce calm from tension are just temporary, and obviously won't cover the whole spectrum of concepts that can cause tension -- but at least, I'm making it a whole lot easier for others (running at speeds comparable to what I experience on 20mg+ of adderall) to be process their reality. just a thought....

### 2024-11-12 14:14 - adderall's energy

today I took the adderall and I have no plans to go out and take a walk or anything like that; I may take a shower, but that's about it -- and neither do I have any plans to mix in any caffiene either -- cause I want to experience  adderall's effect in a non-social setting (mom is around, but that's it) and without exersising -- and while it started to come up a bit, I started to get tired and stuff so I laid down. now, one of the effects that I'd noticed a few times when I'd sleep lately (which I actually thought was the caffiene, not adderall), is that I'd wake up and my left foot's ankle would start to get this feeling of a sort of energetic buildup, growing in intensity (it feels like a growing tension), then all of a sudden my ankle would tense up and it would even shake for a moment (as in rapid oscillation between pointed toes ankle and shoes ankle). the thing that it reminds me of is a "relaxation oscillator" or spark-gap "trigger", where after a buildup of enough capacitance, there's enough (electrons, I guess) built up, that it's able to find a way through the air and make connection to the other side (same concept as lightning bridging the air gap to earth).
anyway, so I started to think about it, and imagine the same sort of thing is what's happening in the body: normally some capacity of something is flowing through the body, and that provides enough energy for all of the organs and stuff like that (maybe with a little bit of extra) to do all activities -- from sitting to running.
however I notice the same effect for my ADHD too -- where, I have a whole lot of another type of energy (not the same one as the adderall gives -- maybe potential energy?), and that energy keeps building up and (for me) starts to become a problem if I don't start using my mind or being creative in some way. before adderall, I managed that rising energy by keeping myself busy creating things in my mind. that energy seems to dissipate when I encounter new/novel things and ideas (so perhaps the energy is a buildup of some precursor to adding new concepts to the brain -- and upon adding new concepts, it uses that energy up).
however, with adderall or meth, the energy is an amphetamine (or something that it creates -- not sure), and that energy is much more like kinetic energy -- or energy that is already in motion. its action seems to take the potential energy that I have building up, and put it into motion. for me, that buildup of the amphetamine/kinetic energy causes a whole bunch of different effects, such as tightness of chest (sorta like asthma), coughing (similar to the ankle twitch), clenching of the teeth, and a lot of extra tension. those all seem to go away if that kinetic energy has some place it can be dissipated into -- so for example, I stop coughing soon after a few minutes of walking, and stuff like that. it seems that it really wants to be absorbed into something, and the buildup of that energy (in the lungs) is what causes the cough, (or the foot) the ankle twitch, the mouth, the teeth clenching, etc.
	the body outputs its energy into all sorts of things, everything from growing hair to muscle movements -- and (for me at least) when certain parts of the body seem to gain some sort of energetic buildup in them, it feels like that part of the body must be used. when I was in spain, watching my friend pablo (who was really good at helping me to learn a lot of these things), I'd notice that he would get a buildup of energy in his groin area, which seemed to be very largely activated by being around me when I was in a pretty good programming/creative flow, -- and that energy would start to become almost uncontrollable for him, and he'd have to go find some girl to have sex with very very soon, cause it seemed that it was really starting to get almost uncomfortable for him. pablo did a lot of coke too, so I'm not sure the effects of that (it's been a long time since I've done coke, and I wasn't this good at looking at my own or other's energy back then), but it seemed to make him a lot more receptive to that creative/potential energy buildup. so, in a sense, I think what I'd watch pablo experience was kinda like the opposite of what meth does to me -- and what I experience normally, which I think is probably one of the root causes of "ADHD" -- a buildup of that creative/potential energy -- and for different people that energy builds up in different places, wanting to have itself expressed in some way. 
so, I have this buildup of this creative/potential energy that craves novelty -- and at the same time (when I use amphetamines) is another buildup of a tensive/kinetic energy that craves movement. for me, they seem to cancel each other out (though it seems not the case for others), cause the meth/adderall just converts that creative/potential energy into a sort of calmness and glow -- or if I'm in a conversation, it seems to turn it into really interesting insights (from me) or a real strong desire to listen and fully take in what the other person is saying -- or if I'm exercising, it seems to improve the quality and enjoyment of the movement. it kinda tints/taints the activity that I'm doing with my emotional state -- cause for example, last night after talking with stacy for so long, when I went out to walk home, for the first few hundred metres after leaving the building, the movement of my walking *felt* like the emotional concept of our conversations. then, as my mind started to wander more and more, I the feel of my movement started to adjust to more like the emotional responces that I have to my own thoughts (both are very difficult to quantify, but at first maybe more heavier and then more of an ambitious (can't wait for the next thing) feeling, which is what I usually feel when walking -- I really like the feeling of movement toward the next thing).
