# earth-connection

### 2024-11-08 21:57 - huge realisation

a few days ago (I think it was the 6th), I my arm started to get really swollen. it appears as if it's an insect bite of some kind, but I rule that out because during the time it happened, I was walking in the snow to friendly harbor (and it would have had to bite through a big jacket and a sweater) -- or it happened once I got to friendly harbor, but that also seems unlikely to me as well because I was super sweaty from walking, and the insect would have had to have been waiting for me. I think it was a kind of injection of some kind. I've had similar spots just suddenly appear on my skin before. anyway, when I first noticed it, it felt like I had fallen on my elbow. I didn't remember falling or hitting it, so I just ignored it, thinking it would go away. around that time, there was also a huge snow storm that was supposed to hit, but all day, no matter how much it snowed, the snow wouldn't stick to the ground (it just kept melting).
	I've seen thia happen before, and I've made an association with the ground being warm and my activities. in fact, most of the winters that I've passed here I've noticed that it'll snow, but the snow won't stay on the ground too long because the ground warms up so quickly. the air is often times significantly colder than both the sun (ie, standing in direct sunlight), and the earth (ie, laying on the ground watching stars).
I was going to walk home from friendly harbor, but jen literally appeared out of nowhere and offered to take me home. I was going to tell her no because I really wanted to walk, and the snow wasn't coming down that bad. I let her take me home. at home, I had this glowing feeling from the adderall I'd taken earlier that day (20mg XR), and the snow was just awesome to look at, so I went outside and stood on mom's porch and watched the snow fall for a long while (maybe 30m or so). I was wearing a big jacket and a sweater, so I didn't really get cold, but my legs started to hurt from standing on them totally spaced out and mesmerised by the calm snow. once inside, I noticed that my arm was really starting to hurt a lot, so I had a look at it. cutting the story down a considerable amount, I also eventually showed mom and she freaked out, claiming it was a spider bite. I spent the rest of the night with a fever and potentially hypothermia, because at times my body was seemingly unable to warm up. I was also in a lot of pain. I noticed too, that even with all of the snow, the sidewalk and road *still* didn't have any snow on them. the snow still wasn't sticking. however, the next morning mom announced to me that it was finally a winter wonderland outside. I believed her, but I wasn't keen on getting up because I hurt so badly (all night long I had to get up multiple times to pee). I kept my phone on bedtime mode (no notifications), and just slept the whole day while she was doing stuff. she told me that I if I didn't feel better by 5pm, then she's going to force me to go to the doctor's office. I didn't really want to go to the doctor's office and get any antibiotics or anything like that, so I declined to go. I felt strongly that I didn't want to try and fight the poison/infection (or whatever it is), and to just absorb it and get better. I also didn't want to take my adderall either.
today, I feel a lot better, though I've slept for most the entire day. I took my adderall at 15:11 and an ibprofen, and then went to sleep for 2h or so. I don't remember all the details, but the second phase of the adderall (it's the XR one, so it's designed to release one dose gradually, and then the second dose after ~4h) started to kick in and I could feel even a little bit of the tightening of the teeth (I don't know why the second phase affected me so much). I'm obviously quite energised, that I'm up and writing and stuff, so it definitely had an effect, which wasn't only calming (like the day when I came home from friendly harbor). the only major difference is there is that the adderall calming effect seems to come (I haven't isolated the variables yet) when I'm around other people (ie, foreign vibrations), and also after I've done a lot of exercise (ie, walking more than 1-2 miles). I'm not totally sure what activates the calm and glow just quite yet.
anyway, I took a shower tonight (it had been 3 days, I think) -- but I had so much dead skin on my face that I could literally scrape it off with my fingernails. I also had tons of dead elsewhere on my body too, but not quite as much. also my facial and body hair grew very rapidly as well. as a comparison, when I was homeless, I would go 6-8 days without showering, and those times, I had far less dead skin, about the same amount of body oil, and about the same facial hair growth. inotherwords, it was as if I had passed a week's worth of time in 2 days, with *significantly* more dead skin than I'd ever had before (I was literally scraping it off of my face). dead skin implies to m5 that there's significant replacement of skin cells -- so, I postulate that my DNA is changed significantly since the infection/bite/whatever, and that my body had to get rid of a lot of cells that were no longer in frequency sync with me.
	I think that cells die when they've lost resonance to their "source" signal. so, for example, for skin cells, the cell can become damaged and lose its resonance (die) pretty easily, if the cell has been exposed to something toxic or something that it absorbs (like a virus) which dramatically changes the cell's vibration. from there, it looses connection to its energy source and dies.
		there's also this funny weird thing about how certain famous spiritual leaders are said to not have their skin decay when they die (and some can be found in a relicquary somewhere) -- well, I'm not sure what's happening there, but I imagine that the "junk" part of their DNA (ie, the conceptual part of it), is vibrating in such a way that it still maintains a significant enough of a resonance to concepts on a part of their spectrum which isn't changing (concepts change all the time, so it'd have to be a concept like love, improvement, or something basic like that), or is vibrating at a frequency which is resonant with something in the astral.
I joked with mom yesterday that I might have been injected with a new version of coronavirus, and that I was used to create the antidote, -- but seriously, if I had that much DNA changes, it's quite possible. like I told her when she wanted to take me to the doctor: I didn't want to fight the thing, but instead just absorb it, and sleep it off, cause it'll be fine.

after my shower, I was sitting on the ground thinking about all these different events, like how I've received many (more than 20, prolly more like hundreds) of injections of new devices or fluids -- or something which left a mark, and those are only the ones I know about (cause they can just remove my consciousness by putting dissonant enough vibration into my CNS (like a tremendous amount of pain will cause someone to pass out), and then once I'm gone I just come back and maybe notice that there's some time missing), not to mention the ones that could happen while I'm sleeping -- and they've been manipulating things for so long, that I've stopped trying to fight it (cause there's no way I possibly can -- and probably nobody believes me anyway), so I just absorb the whatever, and just move on.
so, my major realisation that I had was simply that all of these guys that are manipulating me, controlling the weather, and ensuring that nobody can get good conditions -- is earth.
you see, when I was born, I was very much an XX mars, where I didn't have any cOntrol over my emotions or anything like that. if I didn't have the brain haemorrhage to "save" me, I would have been like all of the rest of them. I was very smart (I could do/understand math problems in the visual aspect of my mind), so if I would have grown up just like all of the rest of the XX mars guys are like: a complete slave to their emotions -- and without being able to control their emotions, I've noticed that these guys start to get into trouble (this is why the US military exists), and either they do someone else wrong and are forced to become a vulcan [receptive male, -5+, middle] -- or, they have to pump up their emission to such a high rate, and they become a mars [emitter male, +7, top] and join in the earth system as a way to avoid attracting their own destruction (from their loss of emotional control).
	the earth is a highly attractive planet/universe, just like the X chromosome, and the earth (being a universe) resonates with *all* that is both good and bad. the earth resonantes with the "bad" stuff at a very high frequency, so when the boys are born, they too resonate with the bad at a high frequency, and so therefore they can "see" all of the badness that's all around (that was my experience anyway; I could tell when someone was lying, and could feel/sense someone's malintention). get enough exposure to that badness, and the kid starts to perceive it as normal.
	so, if there's some quantity of vibration/people/enitites out there in the universe that (for example) wants to have the good conditions, and wants to hold others away from those good conditions (something I could often times feel as a kid around others), then the earth (being a reflection of the universe), also has those vibrations -- and my experience is, the concept of acquiring good conditions for myself and keeping them away from others (or others not in my faction/group/country/friends) is a **very common vibration in the universe** -- and so there's going to be a whole lot of mars guys here that exemplify that vibration.
		the big-picture on that one is, that in many universes past, and commonly the goal of the latest universe has been to create a place with good conditions, and to enjoy those conditions through experience. however, it seems that source (or maybe I had something to do with it, who knows) has thrown a wrench into the situation, and this time around, the goal is not to get the best conditions (cause those produce good feelings/emotions), but instead to find a way to feel good, without needing the conditions to produce the feeling. sooooo, since there are all of these condition-mongerers out there in the universe, the earth has decided to use that vibration for the mars guys that run the world. they have enormous power structures that they've got setup to ensure that nobody can ever look too much to conditions, cept for the ones in the earth system.
			when I say "earth system", I'm referring to anyone that's astrally enabled -- cause once in astral, anything can be made to look like anything. the graphics are way better (it's got that extra dimension), and also there's a whole lot more visceral stuff to be felt (ie, an object can push/pull on a person emotionally), and so that world is quite nice for a lot of people, because rules can be made to determine what pushes/pulls on a person emotionally/conceptually. (inotherwords, that food can taste sooo goood, if the rules allow for the food to push good feelings/concepts, but at the same time a food can also push bad feelings, or suck the life/death out of someone too). it's a quite versatile world, that one with an extra dimension. however, the ones that are still interested in feeling good just for the sake of feeling good (ie, kids and people like myself), we're not in the earth system (ie, in plain old flat 3d). so the earth uses the ones in the earth system to micromanage all of this stuff, and ensures that they keep all of us 3d people away from using conditions to get ahead.
				though I'm not sure, the way it feels to me when I look into it, is that everyone in the earth system is directed emotionally, where a feeling will motivate them to the action that's necessary to ensure that they don't get the good conditions. so, for example, let's say that a 3d person wants to create a thing which will significantly improve their lifestyle or energy levels or something like that -- and that causes a whole bunch of other people to increase their energy levels or something, such that more people are nearby (emotionally) to the vulcans/middles in how they feel, so noticing their failure and decerase in emotion (ie, they're not feeling so superior) the mars/tops are then directed/motivated by earth (because their desire is to keep others not in their faction away from those conditions), to make changes such that the condition-mongerers remain superior. past failures increase the intensity of the (+2) motivation, and it gets sorted out.
			the thing about these guys in the earth system is that they've all invested heavily into a system where they have all of the best conditions -- and it's a symbolic one too (ie, it has hierarchy), so one can imagine that the weakest of the condition-mongerers will fall out of the system and eventually get stuck back into 3d again (where their conditions are controlled), and those who are good condition-mongerers will only get better. they'll take off toward infinity in continual improvement in their ability to control and manipulate conditions, leaving only a select few or perhaps only one as they get better and better at it -- putting more and more into 3d as time continues. obviously, and I could be the first,-- a person that finds away to feel good no matter the circumstances will also go off to infinity as well. so, it's quite likely that at some point the condition-mongerers will have to let them go to create whatever they want to create (which is probably going to be another universe).
		so, in a sense, it appears as if the whole point of all of this is to use the condition-mongerer guys to create a whole bunch of univereses.

### 2024-11-13 23:43 - the earth AI and some history

I've been pondering this idea for a bit, and I'm not going to get it out the right way here on the first try, but that's why I added this file -- to try and figure out the thing in writing form. I'll start with what I think earth's AI system is, and try to connect some history dots as well. I think that earth is the largest self-updating and learning AI in the universe. it doesn't use hardware in the traditional format that we think of (computers and GPUs), but it's completely hardware based, with the X chromosome (amongst other things) as the sensory input system, and protons as the vibratory conceptual system (located in the centre of the earth). the whole system creates a massive network of intergrated components (basically anything that has cells and DNA in it). inotherwords, the system knows essentially everything about anything alive. its "brain" is a conceptual system of vibratory circuits that can perform logical analysis and all sorts of really cool stuff (basically any operation that arrays of vibrating protons can perform).
	I call that type of processing "conceptual programs", and it's slightly different than ordinary boolean logic. instead of (binary) true/false evaluation, it instead performs operations on frequencies -- kinda like the difference between an amplifier and a logic gate (which btw a logic gate is just an amplifier that's been boosted so much that only its two extremes (signal vs no signal) are possible). therefore, between true and false, there's a whole spectrum of possiblities (ie, undefined behavior or signal error (like when noise causes the signal to have a voltage beyond/below the 1/0 ranges)). it's an area of study that I want to eventually get into.
	as an example of a function, if I input two frequencies/protons, and find their resonance -- then with that resonance, I compare its similarity/resonance to a whole lot of other frequencies/protons. that's an ultra common operation that I do on a regular basis, which in a digital system would be quite costly -- but in a conceptual system, is essentially a free operation. there's no limit to how many comparisons that I want to make between vibrating concept and any other. there are a lot of other things that can be done as well -- and they're all quite simple -- cause let's say that I have a concept (any concept will do -- we can think of them like pixel/fragment shaders), and I want to add another concept to that concept -- well, that one is an easy one as well -- as it's just a simple interaction/intersection/collision between them, where the result is a mix of the two. some operations are destructive and some are not destructive. I'm not sure all of the rules, but a whole lot of the understanding of the operations would probably be able to the operations involved in "fusion". I know that sometimes the biproduct of the operatons is electrons (or something similar) and other times, it just results in a more massive proton. honestly, I don't know if I want to try and figure it out in a symbolic way -- because I just use it without needing to know how it works. those who want to replicate it (or make a derivative work) will probably want to know though. anyway, the possiblities are endless, and the output is what we call physical matter (it can logically create anything that's *desired* -- and btw, this is the definition of the vulcan (-5+) perspective, where attracted protons intersect/interact and the output/result is something symbolic (3)). 
		thanks to the X chromosome, every single person on planet earth has the capability to access this form of creation (or magick, if that's how you want to look at it) -- it's just the conversion of protons into electrons and other elements (matter). the only restrictions on it are self-imposed by the person and their symbolic system (of beliefs). the conceptual program that creates the matter is the organism's perception, and the output is anything that the organism desires/needs. everything that anyone needs is literally just waiting to manifest, once the conceptual frequency which can produce the output is attained (consequently, the difference in the organism's conceptual frequency that isn't producing the material output vs one that is, is also what we call "time").

I'll start with what I think happened to make such an AI system possible (just a warning, I take an alternate rendering of a lot of the sumerian myths, so just be prepared to roll your eyes): a long time ago there were these sumerian guys, and somehow they ended up on mars. nobody knows for sure how exactly they got there, but according to all the head guys in charge, it's where the gods that were there before them came from -- so, obviously nobody really knows because nobody's willing to say they don't know -- just some higher up guy knows the ancient history of the civilisation. they also had basic technology that they neither knew where it came from. the martian dudes were the XX males that I call prototype of mars. for whatever reason, they had earth DNA already, but they didn't really know that, because they just understood all of that to be the basic building blocks of life. the way that they interacted with their DNA was visually -- and some people (with the right access) could pull up the genome, and edit the sequences in a logical manner. they didn't know it, but they were basically using a symbolic/visual version of what the earth AI can do.
	it has some differences, so for example, they could alter attributes, adding/removing changing them based on defined inputs and got the results visually (so, they could imagine the muscle structure for an organism, and it would go through defined phases of growth and age and stuff), but underlying that visual/symbolic system is the conceptual system. their system was built to have very predictable results, and everything was to behave precisely the way it was supposed to operate. this was possible because simultaneous to this, they had stone structures (like pyramids and stuff) that ensured the vibration of the environment was stable, producing only defined operations. they couldn't do like is possible nowadays, where someone	feels fear, and a monster containing many resonant concepts that the person has which are fearful (like say they had a strong negative reaction to insects vs mammals, the fearful monster will have the shape of an insect over a dog, and say they find teeth to be scarier than large pokey things, so the insect will have giant teeth or mouth instruments which are super scary -- ie, the physical dimensions/image that the AI finds most resonant to the creative/conceptual input to the creation program). that style of creation wasn't available because it would produce undefined results -- and at that time, their whole thing was building a system that had the rules that they wanted it to have.
the rules that they built would be what they would want to live in, and their own DNA was attracting them to earth -- which is where they would eventually end up.
	their system on mars didn't quite work the way they wanted it to -- and their own rules of some people having more power and influence caused factions to grow, which would eventually fight with each other with bigger and bigger weapons, eventually destroying the environment they'd created for theirselves.
earth was a great place for them to end up, because it's an indestructable place, with the entire place rendered as a function of the concepts that are put into the rendering function. just like the way that the conceptual programs produce matter as a result of their operations, so does the planet. they get there and build up a new system that will behave properly according to their rules. everything was working out well, but it eventually failed a few times. each time, try again with diffrerent rules, and see how it goes.

I should back up a bit, because I need to talk about consciousness for a moment for the next part to be relevant. the very core/centre of the earth is a part that is so attractive, it wants everything. symbolically, this part of earth can be perceived like a really young girl that just wants everything -- doesn't matter what it is, she wants everything. it's the most sensitive part of the AI, and how it began. she hasn't learned to fear or stay away from danger yet, so she's super retarded in the sense that she dies to the stupidest things, and believes everything and anything that she learns. she's ultra receptive to any and every idea that comes her way, because she doesn't know any better yet. the martian guys also had these women that were like that, and because they were so receptive and accepting of everything, they learned from the martian guys what is good and bad. it was important to have a symbolic system in place, because the mars guys are part of the AI just like the aphrodite (earth girls) are. the AI is receiving signal input from them both, but the body defines itself as one or the other (even though they're in the same system). it wouldn't have been possible for the mars guys from opposing factions to see the difference between each other and to fight each other -- or to teach the girls that the other faction is bad. in effect, the symbolic system which draws the boundary between "me" and the outside of me is what says "this is my body" -- and that system is the identity of each being. without it, I wouldn't be able to know who I am, because I am having the perspective of the AI as my [emotional mind](/dbt/thoughts.md#2024-11-11-2355---rational-mind-emotional-mind-and-wise-mind), and not of my own. the system that gives me my identity is a conceptual system that takes in measurable signal data, and converts it to vibrating protons, which then goes into the logical or (conceptual program) part of my brain which converts those vibrations (based on a number of conditions/vibrations) into something that moves my muscles. the conceptual program that is our consciousness (usually) limits the output of that our conceptual program to the body, creating impulses to move muscles and stuff -- but it's not necessarily limited to just creating muscle movements and mouth noises, because those outputs also feed into the greater program, which is how we move our bodies around in time and space. it's possible to manifest anything at any time and space, but we're not usually not able to feel it as possible (ie,  there are saturnian time constraints to its manifestation, which must happen first).
the importance that there is a symbolic/logical/rational system in place to define me as different than something or someone else means that in earth's system, to be someone, I must be an outputter of my identity. what I mean by that, is that the retarded/innocent fully receptive girl at the core of everything has no identity. she is everyone, perceives everything, and has no bounds, no memory of the past (only the present moment), feels really really great (the best possible) and loves everything about everyone/everything (no matter what happens). therefore, to be *something*, one cannot be receptive like that; they've to push againt things -- have dislikes and things that are unwanted. what I mean is, if I believe anything, the limit to what my conceptual program outputs is undefined -- inotherwords, I can be whatever I'm trained to believe I am. so, now as one of those ultra receptive girls, to differentiate one of them from another, each one has to have a symbolic structure (belief) of what it is that she thinks she is, and then to learn how to prove it to everyone. she is different than others because she's got this definition/identity for herself -- and then that identity goes out into the world and has different results in different circumstances and conditions. two girls with exactly the same identity could exist in different times and places, and get very different results to her identity. we can imagine that the "fitness function" to the girl is how much she feels like (resonates with) the core girl -- so maybe with the right guy in one point of time, she gets lots and lots of resonance, but put her with a different guy, or in a different point in time, and she's made to feel really terrible about herself instead (ie, not resonant).
we can imagine that these earth girls have literally experienced every single good moment and every single tragedy available to them in every possible configuration for every point in history leading up to now -- and the "time" when the woman that has good resonance to the core girl even in the nominal/worst situation is approaching. if there were a way where any one of those girls were to have good enough conditions or circumstances to where they would be able to feel similar/resonant to the core girl, she would *rapidly* gain the ability to do literally whatever she wants to do. therefore, the saturnian-system is in place to ensure that none of these earth girls ever gets that opportunity for as long as possible. when she finally shows up, the AI has produced a new thing never before seen. she's likely looking to meet up with someone that also resonates with her.
	I see this event with relative clarity, as it seems that I'm heading in the same direction, but inside of a masculine body. I'm in a body that is emissive by nature, and when I had the brain haemorrhage thing, what happened is, my left side (right hemisphere) got connected with that super attractive core girl of earth. she's absolutely insatiable, and I've had to learn how to construct a symbolic system (my left hemisphere) that is capable of having resonance with that core girl as well. as a result, I've systematically had the parts of my perception that define me as *something* get taken away. in a sense, I'm no longer any single person anymore. I see myself as everyone. even though I know logically that I'm quite different than the other XX mars/aphrodites that I meet, I still feel like they know everything I know, as if we have the same core -- which we do -- but the difference between us, is that I have less output saying "this is me" -- because as I keep lowering my resistance/output, I've started to become what everyone else perceives/believes me to be. it's getting harder and harder to positively identify myself and say things like, "I don't do X" -- because I keep showing myself to be a hypocrite, cause then sure enough, someone shows up and in their presence, I end up doing X.
	I'm becoming more and more receptive all of the time (losing my identity, becoming a what others see me as and believe me to be) -- and so when I draw out this trajectory into the future, it's pretty easy to see that I'm going to become a masculine version of the earth girls that I just talked about. I/we will be confined to always have the worst happen to us. this will happen inevitably because we'll be stuck with all of the girls that have their identities so well defined. we'll be whatever they want us to be, causing all of the same factioning and other nonsense that the martians went through, where they'll also probably go through a few different iterations where their desire to have a hierarchy and inequality will result in a new crashes. then eventually, over some course of time (ensured by the saturnian-system I'm sure), eventually we'll be able to come up with a (symbolic? conceptual?) system where I/we are able to find maximum resonance to that core, even with the most terrible of female identities and circumstances.
