# explanations

### 2024-09-09 00:18 - the basic triad

today in church there were a number of events which lead me to s pretty big realisation. imagine a space, where the top is set by the top, the middle is set by the bottom, and the reflector is at the ground: top, bottom, ground. the ground can be thought of as earth or any other rigid material. there's no way to go farther down than the ground. it's literally the bouncing off place or reflector. 
to illustrate the idea in real-life imagine now some really cool manifestation; well, the ground will never get it because that would lift the ground up -- so instead the bottom gets to try out the manifestation -- and we can imagine the bottom as being the upward force in that layer of atmosphere above earth. he's trying to get to the top -- however it's not likely that the top will just let him pass by, because he provides the downward/inward pressure. that pressure can be thought of like the centre of a star, where in inward pressure is so great, it creates a negatively expanding bubble, kinda like a balloon. that space for the top continues to expand, and we can think of that inner space the top creates in the centre of the head, God or the connection to source or the attractive part of the equation.

### 2024-09-12 11:21 - astral systems in the brain

as I was writing up [my theory on dopamine's production of images](/drug-theory.md#2024-09-11-1224---dopamine-and-the-production-of-images), I mentioned that it produces an image because the skull is a defined space (meaning, it has a set of frequencies which produce standing-waves, or dimensions) -- which is easier said than understood -- so I wanted to talk about dimensioned space inside of the brain.
the skull is rounded, somewhat spherical, allowing for quite a few angles of approach toward the centre. the most angles possible would be a perfect sphere, and the least angles possible is 3, which is a cube. so, we'll consider the infinitely many angles of approach (and they don't all have to be straight either), the highest frequency (1st-ray), and then all other physically/structurally realisable angles (that have n-dimensional forms) to be in the 2nd-ray spectrum. finally, the most primitive/basic of the 2nd-ray spectrum is astral, which is just a cube or a box, which can only expand in 3 directions. so, imagine that when dopamine (or some other mechanism I don't know the name of) fires, it produces (or resonates with) a structure that is so high frequency that it's basically like a star (or is a star), where there are infinite angles of approach to the realisation/conversion of desire (atttraction/black-holes) into concepts arranged into a structure, which produce electrons/impulses/signals -- that structure has a finite number of angles of expansion. the original structure (the star) from which the structure comes from isn't able to interfaced with directly (too high frequency), and the resulting structure neither is all that useful because the number of angles will still be at least thousands or millions, so the structure is simplified in the brain by filtering out a lot of unimportant stuff in the 4th-ray (which behaves exactly like and is connected to the saturnian-system) part of the brain, where the different paths/angles are analysed symbolically and perceived in a limited form (usually only a few angles at a time), the paths/angles which are recognisable to the brain are then passed to the imagination to be visualised symbolically as a sort of simulation of what will happen.
    it's usually the imaginary componenet where the person makes the decision of the path/angle that they want to take, but for example, I don't have an imagination, so I perceive the concepts directly; it's as if I've been presented with a whole bunch of different concepts, some feeling a little better than others, and upon selecting the concept that I like, I don't really see the paths/angles as a finite set -- because I cannot anticipate them, but just feel drawn to the most attractive one. that attraction is then what creates the angle, not the other way around. when I start the angle, then it's possible for others in the saturnian-system to traverse the angle and see where the trajectory leads, though I cannot (I only guess at it), which will then cause a lot of times them to move stuff around, putting new/different concepts on that trajectory, which often times don't feel good to me, so I'm kinda like a pinball, bouncing around, reorienting myself every time I'm on approach toward something that doesn't feel good. however, because I'm attracted to a point in space, instead of toward a path/angle, my path/angle is never a straight line or curve.
so after the dopamine/whatever fires converting our desire into a real structure, it filters down to the imagination where we make decisions based on a path/amgle which appears to be the best (acccording to our beliefs/allowance) implementation of that desire as a trajectory. all of that unfolds in a brief (not even perceptable to some people) flash in the mind. that entire structure is still not reality though. it's a simplification of a similar conceptual structure that exists in physical reality (where every proton is a part of the structure) -- so it's pretty inaccurate, but "good enough" to predict a future physical/emotional state. however the motive force that moves us through the real-life conceptual structure is mutual attraction (my concepts <-> desired concepts) -- so at times it feels like the floor can be moving around at random underneith.