# girl-talk

### 2024-09-15 15:19 - first thoughts

yesterday I went to friendly harbor by accident, and talked with jennifer and dominique. I didn't really put the puzzle pieces together until after I'd left and was thinking about the conversation last night (to the dismay of those at the shelter, cause I think they hear my thoughts). this is also an extension to a conversation that I had with susan as well, where I provide a bit of a more broad overview of patterns that I noticed. my poor sisters; they always wanted me to be a really good figure in their lives, but I simply couldn't ever be what they wanted because (I know now) of their attraction. I consider melissa to be the standard earth girl reflector (-7) and jessica to be a female vulcan (-5+) -- which roughly correspond to jennifer's daughter abby (like jessica) and dominique's daughter clara (like melissa). so, having paid attention to my sisters' relationships over the years, I noticed a common thread between the three of us. mom (who is somewhere between -5+ and -3) always had difficulties with my father, because he was often times emotionally quite absent (he doesn't talk about his emotions) and also physically often quite absent as well (he spent most of his time working or playing strategy computer games). as a result, melissa (-7) did the common thing that most girls of her type do -- which is to look for and be attracted to guys that will physically be there for her -- and to a large extent, she accomplished her goal with jeff and patrick -- who seemingly were around her physically quite a lot (jeff literally sat around at home not doing a whole lot). jessica and andrew however don't seem to have much of a physical relatioship though (ansdrew's always gone), and he's about as emotionally responcive as a brick wall. however, what jessica did accomplish though was to produce andrew a male heir, much like what was required of mom to produce me (fail), greg (partial success), and jaron (partial success) for dad.
now, my experience growing up is that no matter how hard I tried, it always worked out that I couldn't be there for my sisters just like dad wasn't able to be there for them either. they wanted me to, but I felt strong resistance to trying to engage myself into their boyfriend issues and other nonsense, because I thought it was a waste of time. I had a goal that I felt very strongly that I wanted to use technology and computers to "take over the world" and to produce tech that I thought was cool and others would enjoy -- and having to deal with girl problems seemed like the quickest way to throw that dream/goal into the toilet -- ao I juat ignored them and let them go their own way, because even if I did help them, the skills I would learn (how to have relationships with girls) didn't interest me to further my goal -- and the only possible reward I could get out of it would be to gain friendships with some of their girlfriends -- which again, is counter-productive to what I wanted to do. so I saw my sisters and my involvement in their lives to be a complete waste of time -- which I think dad also found them to be a waste of time, as well. I don't think that now because my goals have shifted, but I still feel like they're a waste of time though. I've come to realize that actually the way that I feel about them *must have something to do with thier attraction* -- and consequently I've given a lot of thought to the subject.
they way I've come to work it out, is that melissa must expect all guys to be just as physically unavailable as dad is/was, and so she's attracted to the opposite of that -- and jessica must be out there to prove mom's concepts of what men are like as true. I think this pattern can be generalised as well, as I've noticed the same with other female vulcans as well, like for example raquel constantly had to prove that I am the way that her mom thinks that guys are -- and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't ever escape it; I was always machista and stuff.
at any rate, there's simply nothing that I can do about thier attraction -- and I can try to learn not to prove them right about stuff, but I'll always do the thing that they expect "all guys" to do. as an example, I often times hang out with susan, and it happens nearly every time that I do just the thing to piss her off (ask her for her vape or be entitled to her stuff), and it's not even something I'm trying to do, but it's her attraction. I know she's not going to change her attraction anytime soon, so around her, I have all kinds of extra behavioural logic associated with doing the "right thing" so she doesn't get upset -- cause if I just be myself, I perform all of her (unwanted and wanted) expectations for her. I cant do anything other than to constantly remind them (susan is just the example here) that instead of "being right" about their expectations/fears of us (being clingy/entitled/etc), to instead figure it out *what it is they want*, and allow that to happen. I often times find myself doing wierd/stranger things for girls because they expect it of me.
figure out what it is that you want to attract, and find a way to make that happen, and don't *need* the unwanted stuff to happen so that you're right -- is my advice [to be continued. I want to talk more about jennifer/abby, and not susan]

### 2024-10-30 11:02 - a new way to look at girls

I've been holding off on this one for a while because the above entry didn't come out anything like I wanted it to. I told the girl at the library I'd need to find another approach. so here I am a month and a half later with the new way. I'm just going to describe how I see the whole subject. my ideas may or may not be popular at all. first, I want to distingish between two different types of girls as well -- the solar girls (isis/venus) and the earth girls (vulcan/aphrodite). the distinction that I'd like to make isn't necessarily their position in the solar system, but their form of perception: vulcan (-5+) and aphrodite (-7) are both primary rays, which means they experience directly (ie, 1st person) -- venus (-3) is a primary ray, but symbolic (3) is everything outside of yourself -- and isis (-2) is not a primary ray -- so, not only is her perspective not 1st person, she's also concerned with and identified herself with everything outside of herself. I've heard the expression for hollywood actors to define the actor as being outside-in (isis/venus) or inside-out (vulcan/aphrodite) [not to be confused with the male actors, where I believe the saturnian/vulcan ones are the outside-in, and the mars/mercury ones are the inside-out ones].
I've noticed that consciousness for girls is quite a bit different than it is for men, and the way that I would like to approach that subject is in the form of electricity: the two major components of electricity are protons (-) and electrons (+). [I know that their polarities are backwards from the way that science says they are. I don't have it fully figured out yet, but I know that science isn't 100% and in writing this, I have a choice whether to say everything and then at the end say the polarities are backwards from what science says, or start off right away saying that the big hydrogen ball in the sky is an attractive body. it's confusing, I know.] protons look (to me) like little tiny stars and my perspective is that protons (and other subatomic particles and larger nuclei of similar type) are the essential form of consciousness and vibration, which compose *all* aspects of the universe (ie, everything has a proton -- or an attractive side side to it). electrons look like little planets, and they're attracted to the protons. there are a few major sources of protons out out there (from our perspective): 1. there's the inside of the earth, 2. the sun and stars, and 3. the sphere way way out there from which everything originates: the universosphere (source).
    elecrons create the barriers or boundaries between things because they're esentially the output of the protons. if they're dissimilar enough from each other, they push against each other creating the barrier between protons -- and without them, everything would simply be attracted to everything else, eventually all coming together to become a super star (or the beginning of the next universe). we can consider those three as a medium (or triad) as well; the earth is the reflector, ground, or bottom -- the stars are all the middles, and source is the top. 
all electrons or planets are attracted and want to go into orbit with stars which have a similar vibration to them. so, in the form of electricity, electrons (+) are attracted to these major *sources* -- to the ground, to the stars, or to source. obviously stars are at a considerably higher vibration (usually mostly in visible light and above) most electrons that are created on earth aren't attracted to that high of a frequency (forget the universosphere -- that's way beyond any frequency we can create). so for all vibrations that we're used to (for example DC/50/60Hz), those electrons are going to be attracted to the earth.
now, in the form of females, I like to think of their behaviour as kinda like the electrons (though the female aspect is the proton). they're attracted to the protons of their origin -- and the vibration that their origin comes mostly from the creative energy that was present during their conception (ie, the sperm acting like electrons are going to be attracted to the egg/proton). so, in a sense I like to think of girls as having a physical body which can move around in space and seek out and be receivers of vibration which is similar to the vibration they've got going on. that vibration comes a lot from environment (cause our protons adjust to our environment), but the original concept that they're going to seek out comes from the conception process when the creative/conceptual energy fertilises the egg
    or, I've heard it's possible for two outside-ins (ie saturn/vulcan and venus/isis -- or even an outside-in woman outside in the creative energy of the sun), it's possible that the egg can be fertilised with only the creative energy is needed. that idea fully aligns with my perspective because it's not necessary to have some sort of defined male attributes in order to be born. by default the egg (and the DNA nucleus) -- both acting like protons comes preinstalled with all of the concepts the mother has going on in her life, and it only needs a significant enough of a similar creative/conceptual energy blast to push the conceptual amplitudes high enough for the feedback process to begin (ie the proton starts to output, which creates electrons, which grow and do things, eventually making it back to the proton/egg/nucleus, causing another reaction, which outputs more electrons and stuff -- etc)

#### 202-10-30 12:14 - some thoughts on polarities

for me, I've always had a terrible time with polarities. it may be me that's backwards -- or maybe I'm like ishtar where I "turn girls into boys and boys into girls" -- who knows. anyway, when it comes to protons, for me they're negative or receptive polarity. the core of the sun is very very dark, and at the end of the solar lifetim5, the sun sheds its body -- which in my mind works like this: hydrogen is 1 part electron and one part proton. the protons are all in the centre of the sun, very very densely packed which is what gives the core of it such a dark colour. the electrons that the core produces are all squeezed out, and have to make their way past layers of protons to get to the surface. along the way, there's a lot of fusion that happens, and some of those electons fuse into much more massive particles (helium, iron, etc, all the way up). all of those eletrons on the surface of the sun are the solar *body* and it's the electron shell that's the emissive part of tthe star -- though the core is itself pure protons, of insanely high density, and all at relatively similar vibrations. so, I consider stars to be like protons -- negatively charged (ie, attractive) and it's the interaction/battle/conflict of the eletrons around that attractive core, which give the star its masculine appearance (ie helios). so, if we look at the outside of the sun/proton, it appears to be positively charged -- and if we look at the inside of the sun/proton, it appears negatively charged. the only reason why there's this separation is because the inner core is *wayyyy* more attractive than the emission of the protons, which means that no matter how hard the protons try to push into the core, they sorta just bounce right off, giving them only one direction they can go: away from the sun. that's what creates the solar wind, and the vibration of those electrons (and in atomic form) the protons that they're paired with have a low enough vibration (much lower than the core of the sun) are what other atoms of similar vibration and planets in the solar system are attracted to.
also, I know from when looking into my body and looking at my cells and stuff, I can tell you that the nucleus does emit, but the core of the nucleus is highly attractive. I'm not sure if (in our DNA) that very attractive core is the x-chromosome or not, but I can say for sure that all of structures that are built on top of it (junk DNA concepts?) are what prevent the cell from being attractive to everything -- and that corresponds to how the sun has all kinds of atomic and molecular structures which produce the emission spectrum also prevent us from seeing its almost perfect black interior (it's a very very dark blue). so, even the nucleus of our cells again is highly attractive, but it's the structures that are on the outside which make it appear as masculine. I don't fully understand electrons though (the protons are easy to get), but they too have a conceptual core to them and so are therefore also attractive -- which is like all atoms (ie, protons are primary (top/bottom), but they can produce electrons, which then join to similarly vibrating protons creating particles with both +- polaritis to them (middles) -- ie like all atoms -- so even the middles can be seen from inside-out/attractive/primary perspective). when I say primary ray, I'm referring to the inside-out perspective of the proton, where the things that it wants are constantly coming toward it (like my own perspective). my lack of knowledge of electrons and how they function may be a source of my confusion. [which is funny because I had the inspiration to try and describe girls with electricity as electrons. on hindsight, I probably shouldn't try and touch anything electricity or electron, sticking only to protons and their vibration -- oh well]