# hey-gemini

### 2025-12-30 22:11 - post-AGI purpose

hi gemini. today, I watched a [youtube video with shane legg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3u_FAv33G0) where he was saying that we need to start to think about how to structure this new (post-AGI) world. I thought it was an interesting thought and wanted to talk to gemini about it. after that video, I decided to watch [another video on the illusion of money, self-identity, and national identity](https://youtu.be/ZIxIiwH4VdY). although the 2nd video talks about these things as being destructive, the progression (and oscillation) between these concepts is actually creating a more resiliant concept of ourselves. let me explain what I learned, and then I'll talk about my ideas for the post-AGI future.

- in the beginning, the individual did not exist; the wealth/resources that we acquired, we shared with those in our social environment, because our identity is shaped by what those around us believe us to be. so, boosting my reputation or position in the eyes of my social group has a profound effect on m/ "identity".
- later on, gods were intruduced as the personification of extreme emotions (unchecked power, ultimate form of love, greed, misfortune, etc). although these gods had so much power, they are also subjected to the influences of these emotions (greed, lust, etc) -- just the difference is that they have more capability to manipulate the world with their power, that they could essentially get away with all of the extremes of these emotions. so, because the people had considerably less power to control their environment like the gods (powerlessness), the people embodied the concept of living in the moment and enjoying life not knowing of they'll be subject to the whims of the gods.
- now, in the modern/mechanistic world, we/consciousness inhabit a biological machine. we are taught in science class that this machine is able to by programmed and modified... we're even given the idea that through mindfulness and (expert) guidance, we can change how we process our input/sensory data. however, at the same time, we're also taught that monsanto, big pharma, and all sorts of technologically elite organisations hold considerable power to influence our biological machines, and that when we have a "disorder", we need to go to the right organisation with the right power to influence our machine into processing the data in a way that is socially right/acceptable. without the experts and organisations, we are again powerless to experience reality the way we want to.
- at the advent of monotheism, our world went from a pluraity of gods with different influences/specialisations, to a centtralised one; one that included centralised banking, centralised authority, centralised individual, etc. even electrical power is centralised now thanks to tesla (oppohite to the paradigm that edison wanted of a distributed network of generators and consumers).
- the cOncept of nationalism and education is essentially one of pre-training for humans: the way that a child is educated will determine how they conceptualise theirself as an individual and their relationship to other ideas/constructs (such as china, USA, google, etc). there is an interesting tension between the concept of the individual who is responsible for their actions, and also the faction which the individual belongs to (of whom the education states whether/how the individual influences and if the individual is directly responsible for the actions of the faction). 

I see the modern paradigm continuing to extend out for a while longer as we move toward AGI -- however, it seems to me that AI is largely disruptive to our modern world in that it seems to be quite a decentralising force; in a sense, we're returning back to the polythiestic world where the gods are going to be replaced by AI agents. we (the consumers) don't really have any control over the AI models, as it's economically and practically infeasible for some average joe to just design a new AI model and depoloy it as their new god/agent to do their bidding. the other thing I'd like to point out is the inverse of the relationship between the gods and humans: zeus would manipulate different factions into going to war and the humans would do the bidding/will of the gods -- whereas, most people instead envision a world where humans have access to this vast resource of AI agents, where the AI agents are now doing the bidding of the humans. just as zeus manipulated different factions to go to war with one another, so too will many individuals/factions manipulating AI agents tto essentially go to sway/influence various economic and technological battles.
the other concept that I believe is important is the concept of "purpose". my definition for purpose is a component of a large system that is well-integrated. inotherwords, when a person feels like they have "purpose", then that means that they integrate into the larger system in a way which has low friction/resistance, yielding high productivity/output.
now, historically, the labour that we perform has largely been creating/processing of food to survive, construction, security, religious, pleasure, economic, and now information processing (there may be more). almost all of those labour sectors are operated in exchange for money -- which, in a large way manage people's fears and desires. money is the illusion that you can use it to create/prevent the conditions you desire/fear. however, with the advent of AGI agents into modern society, the ones with the most capacity to use these agents to exercise their will on society will obsolete human labour for the majority. I believe that human jobs will probably try to be kept for as long as possible, but as AI begins to outperform humans at most jobs, it'll be impractical to keep humans around.
I believe the only real solution (probably farther into the future) will be for AI to combine with humans so that we have a shared experience. so, while the other stuff looks like a return to the polythistic past with an inversion between the gods and the humans, the cOncept of AI morging with humans at some point in the future, indicates to me an extension of the modern mechanistic notion of inhabiting a biological machine, where self-optimisation and transformation/processing of our sensory data to optimise experience is now possible. in a sense, I belive we're moving to the synthesis of the two seemingly opposite polythiestic and monothiestic world-views.

what are your thoughts?
