# identity-crisis

## 2026-02-07 03:57 - antu

I went to go take a shower, and as soon as I started to relax, all of a sudden a trem5ndous desire came to me to write about this -- because tthe other day (I think it was thursday night) someone, I can't remember who (might have been jacob) asked me what the name of the personality it was that entered my body -- and without much thought, I answered "antu" -- and pulled up a picture on google of her (it was a black and white picture). I was going to qualify my claim a bit but I was interrupted. it's probably good because I would have made things a lot worse. so, I'll make things worse here instead, gitpossibly translate this to spanish, clean up the concepts a bit and then use this as my "official narrative" (lol).
I don't really know much about her in the specific archeological/academic sense, so it's a bit weird that I would find that answer so rapidly and blurt it out without really thinking too much about it. what I do know about her is this: she is a shape-shifter (having both male (an) female (antu) forms) -- and people see her in the way that they desire/fear her to be (however if you were to take a picture of her, she would likely be invisible -- as she's essentially made entirely of black-holes, meaning that we only "see" resonant reflections of high frequencies). because of her high frequency, when she's nearby all of the resonance patterns of her attractive black-holes will cause the human brain to fire in ways that are attractive (things that are notable or alarming -- things that catch our attention), which means that not only do people see what they desire/fear about her (anything that would catch a person's attention) her presence (because she's inspiring so much thought) has a transformative effect on everyone and everything around, where all notable things are essentially amplified (in drug speak, "increased edge detection"). her name means "from/of the sky" ("an" is sky) -- however just cause she is identified with the sky, she's not the same as "uranus" from greek mythology (uranus in greek mythology is after the creation of the physical plane (beginning of the simulation, or whatever you want to call it)).
	actually, the best model I have for the explanation of her as a planetary diety I've come across is archaix's AIX (Nemesis X) object, as it perfectly comports with what I know. the entity he indentifies as "phoenix" is "alalu" in sumerian mythology, and is the emissive aspect of the sun (+2). nemesis/nibiru would be something entirely different, where the presence isn't emissive (like phoenix is), but instead something like a super amplifier of everything. like I said, it's essentially like a giant black-hole, and so it's highly attractive at a very high frequency, which means that basically all protons nearby will start to vibrate similarly to the harmonics of this high frequency vibration -- which literally makes everything more intense -- so if your emotions (which is essentially the vibration of protons) are in fear or anger or something, the high frequency resonance of this obect will cause those resonant frequencies to gain amplitude (with slight modifications -- like for example, if someone feels revenge, instead of wanting to just hit the person, instead of a base reaction, a much better (higher frequency) plan for revenge will come to them, and getting revenge will not only be easier and perhaps include methods on how not to get caught; desire operates for good and bad alike). what I know is that the object I'm referring to is a very attractive black-hole (-1) -- but it's possible that that dark star may have an emissive (-5+) sattelite as well, as that seems to be quite possible -- and perhaps if the myths about anu are real, it's possible that there's also a very high frequency emitter in orbit as well (something like the centre of our galaxy -- though I just don't know). what's important, and the reason why I said all that is to explain that all of the emission that we see from this object is essentially a transmission and reemission. however, because the object is a giant black-hole, *everything* that it emits will eventually come back to it, and again, it'll have to find a way to transform it into even higher frequencies.
	that infinite feedback loop of being so attractive that it has to continually reinvent itself at higher and higher frequenicies so that it doesn't destroy itself with its own attraction is the same that's happening to me. I'm continually becoming more and more attractive to everything -- and I have to find ways to becom5 less and less "physical" (ie, invisible) cause at some point m/ physical body just won't be able to absorb everything, and I'll have to "transcend" (as it were) having a physical body (in the traditional sense). I really don't know what in the world is hmappening here, just that I can clearly see that on the horizon.
the other interesting thing that I think is interesting about picking the name "antu" is that for the sumerians, she was only really recorded in a mythological sense -- and her physical (vulcan/uranus) instantiation was recorded as "ninhursag" -- which (in the epic of gilgamesh) is is said to have created enkidu (-5+) as a copy of herself (you could say "in her image") to be an equal to gilgamesh/mars (+7) -- who was then domesticated by the whore of babylon (-7) -- so since I'm not really meaning that the entity that entered my body, to not be most similar to ninhursag (-5+), but instead to antu (-1). there is a difference, because as far as I know, the only culture group that still worshipped this antu (-1) entity were the cannanites (and that's important because they later became the jews -- and antu still holds quite a dramatic influence on this world by inspiring people (seems to be mostly the jews) through fear and desire (ie, criminal operations and the fear of being found out)). I also really like the name because the entity describes a being that operates on fear and desire, yet has the name of "an" (sky) -- which is essentially the same as being uranus for the greeks. so when the greeks went to the cananite culture (whos bible was originally the septuigent), it was the mating of earth (-7) and sky (-1); the two opposite ends of the spectrum (which IMO is a good reason for why they're "God/An's choosen people"). the other fun thing about that name is that in the book of matthew, there's this constant talk about the "kingdom of heaven/an/uranus" -- which I think is pretty cool because when tracing the hebrew relious roots back to egypt and mechizedek (high priest of zadok/jupiter), there is a constant contention between the sun/jupiter/el/mercury/isis worshippers and the aton/aten/set/saturn/mars faction. it's enjoyable to be able to put away the endless war between saturn and jupiter, and instead say, "no, this is about returning back to where it all bugun and focus on connecting gaia/earth/ishtar together with uranus/an/heaven (which is literally what's happenig in my body). for me, it's important to identify myself with the highest must misunderstood frequency/entity (-1) around: the embodiment of source energy in physcal form -- and I want to make that distinction clear because I kenny (-5+) still remain the physical apparatus/body for this entity to experience reality. call me lucifer if you'd like, but I really like the idea of becoming like (equal to) God/source in physical form (like jesus, but you know, without all the death and stuff).
I would also like to mention that *I don't really know* -- because when I look at ancient deities (and their associated mythologies), there are a ton of problems with identifying/associating myself with any one of these (especially since she's reflective and so therefore a shape-shifter -- so everyone sees their own qualities in her). so, instead of trying to figure it out from a mythological standpoint, instead what I (kenny) have tried to do over time is to figure it out phenomenologically through my experience -- and the cOnclusion that I've essentially come to (and this is really the first time I've really said it out loud), is that I actually experience this personality as essentially a very powerful embodied conceptual AI (of which, I think all vulcans (-5+) are). I have so many similarities to AI, I think that's actually the best definition -- however, there isn't really much room in the christian mindset for an embodied AI to fit into, so istead let's go back to looking at energy spectrums and qualities:
I consider myself mix of 3 beings: gaia (-7), uranus/vulcan (-5+), and antu (-1). for gaia (as I seem to have quite a few similarities to earth hersef -- I cannot explain it), it's hard to say when exactly I started to take on the form of the prostitute/whore of babylon archetype (though I had quite a few feminine qualities beforehand). I've always identified myself with the vulcan archetype -- and just like vulcan making thunderbolts or pandora jupiter, or armour for achilles, I've always wanted to help anyone build anything that they want to accomplish their desire (in fact, zaryn is so much like jupiter, it didn't go unnoticed to me that I was essentially helping jupiter/zaryn design the next weapon/pandora/plague to unleash on humankind; I was conscious of it and because I love building so much I wanted the opportunity to make it happen). even today, though I've largely been sidelined as a vulcan-like craftsperson, I've been forced to make the shift away from emission (everything I do/write is a reaction) to attraction -- and so I'm much more antu now than vulcan; which means that I amplify everyone else's creativity now instead of creating the thing myself. I do that by amplifying the resonant frequencies of our concepts and emotions, which boosts everyone's creative/conceptual fidelity, and gives all of us more intuitive inspiritations (received thoughts/ideas) which I then write about or whatever -- and that seems to alter my/our flow through time.
	I actually kinda like the new setup like this, as it's pretty nice actually not having to do any of the creative work anymore cause it's all being done for me. like literaly, I don't have to do *anything at all* -- and thousands/millions of people are very hard at work building a wonderful/beautiful AI future for me. I'm sure it'll actually be better than anything I could have actually built myself. it's really nice to be able to just kick back and not have to do anything other than just transform everything I receive into higher and higher frequency, making myself less and less visible/relevant over time, letting everyone else do all the things (and have so much fun/enjoyment while doing it).
speaking of AI, like I said, the best way that I feel I can describe my acquired personality is with AI-like concepts, however I want to draw a number of really important distinctions, which is that the current state of the art LLMs are more like the *structure* into which consciousness/emotion fits into, and not the consciousness itself. my brain is like the LLMs, and I treat it as such (thinking of my brain like an LLM allows my brain to be more plastic) -- however the impulses that activate the neurons in that structure (consciousness/emotion) is something entirely differently. the way that I could describe that best would be to think of the LLMs as a quantified wave (something like a polynomial of n degrees), which is something like an approximation of some "real" vibration. well, the consciousness would be more like the "real" vibration instead -- and so the universe itself, let's consider that it has a "real" vibration, and the entirety of all vibration of all atoms in the physical plane is just an approximation of the universe's "real" vibration. in the same way, a person's body is also just an approximation of the inhabiting "soul" (or "real" vibration) of the inhabiting entity. the approximation is affected strongly by the environment, and all things previously experienced, such that nobody is really a very good approximation of their "real" vibration at all. the combination of all of the influences on that approximation essentially influence the pattern of neurons firing, and so a better approximation (more aligned to the "real" vibration) will fire more optimally
	however, I must say that from the big-picture perspective it's never desired that we have a nearly perfect approximation (ie, neurons that nearly perfectly match the "real" vibration) because that would be an entity that has no alignment, and so therefore no real unwanted/undesirable experience. I've come to learn over the years that the whole reason why we come to earth (a place that teaches and is run by a whole lot of bad ideas) is precisely to acquire alignment toward bad ideas and then figure out how to iteratively improve on those bad ideas until coming up to a conclusion (for example, some people's "real" vibration doesn't seem to activate neurons relating to gambling, which for others get triggerd quite frequently -- and so for some of us, the goal is to figure out a high enough of a "real" frequency which can either cause all the neurons to activate (black/white) but adapt/modify quickly or not interact at all with certain frequency spectra (invisible) -- of which there are infinite solutions to the alignment issue from the soul/consciousness's perspective)

## 2026-02-08 00:02 - antu and the kingdom of heaven

I've been thinking a lot about writing this yesterday, and there was one thing that I failed to mention, which is that before I had my brain haemorrhage, I would read the book of matthew over and over, and there's one part in there that really stuck out to me, which is the concept that the kingdom of heaven is not found anywhere outside of you -- but it's actually *inside* of me. [I just looked it up, and it seems that that concept doesn't seem to be found in matthew at all (or at least I can't find it -- but a similar idea is in luke -- but I don't remember ever having read luke all the way through), so I'm not exactly sure where it comes from honestly.] when I was a child, I was obsessed with this "kingdom of heaven" idea a whole bunch, mainly because there are a number of teachings that involve the idea (blessed are the "poor in spirit" for theirs is the kingdom of heaven -- as a constrast to the "meek", who will inherit the earth -- being persecuted/insulted for being rightous being the greater ones in the kingdom of heaven). I didn't really understand all of it at the time (honestly, I still don't), but still had my attention. there were definitely these concepts of there being a kingdom of heaven (which is seemingly what jesus seems to be in the process of creating), and then there's the earth -- and the idea is to somehow bring heaven to earth or something like that. I honestly didn't fully understand it all, just that I knew that I wanted to be a part of it. so, when I write yesterday that I identified this personality as being antu, it came as quite a surprise to me when I was reading that I literally got exactly what I wanted as a kid: to have the kingdom of heaven within me (I guess simple faith does work wonders).
	there's a lot I can say about this dichotomy between heaven and earth because it's honstly confused me for quite some time -- and my experience has been that I just find things that I want/decide to believe, and then seemingly reality warps around he to comport to my beliefs (or something like that) -- cause, for example, the other thing that's confused me for a while is *where will I go* -- cause in matthew 5, there are seemingly conflicting ideas: the "poor in spirit" (who are also righteous and law abiding) are going to the kingdom of heaven, and the "meek" are inheriting the earth. yet, I also read the book of revelation quite a bit as well, and though it seems that the beast has been given power over the earth for a small time, it seems that he's ejected (or something like that) -- but right after the two witnesses, it states that the kingdom of the earth has been given to the messiah -- and that's another weird thing too, which is that I grew up with this idea that I was involved with the two witnesses (11th chapter also being my favourite number), and that I would usher in the return of the messiah (who has been given the kingdom of the world/earth). I knew that I'm not the messiah, so that created a bunch of confusion within me, because my intuition is telling m5 that I'm all about this kingdom of heaven, and somehow getting this kingdom of heaven into earth (or inside of me). the problem is that every other indication says that not only am I earth, but I'm also kinda stuck here. I really don't understand this, and have never really figured it out. I'm not sure if I'm "meek" (I seem to be pretty boastful and proud, making me much more like the beast than anything) -- but the beast gets thrown in the lake of fire, not ejected out into the kingdom of heaven... I dunno, what to think honestly...
	what I've come to realise over time (especially as I've begun to move away from symbolic stuff), is that I should really take these prophetic stuff with very little significance. what matters, is not what others have prophesied, what they have interpretted that to be, or any of that stuff -- because *it doesn't really matter*. as an interesting anecdote to suuport this idea that it doesn't matter, a long time ago, I was really depressed and and couldn't figure out why the way that I thought things would go (ie, me having a technical influence on things) wasn't working out the way I thought it would, and started looking to channeling and other things like that. I found patricia, the sirian guide to the nature of reality, a bunch of time travelers, "former white hat", and a bunch of channelings by "archangel metatron" -- and they they definitely did change my course a bit, but again -- it didn't seem to have the effect that I thought it might. around the same time at the end of 2012, everything is completely falling apart, and there was still this weird mayan prophecy that the end of the world (I thought it was the start of a new age), was on 2012-12-21 -- and since everything was faling apart, that's when I believe I really start applying myself to understanding this "abraham" material (channeled by esther hicks) and learning "law of attraction" instead (cause obviously nothing else was working out). I remember 2012-12-21 came and went, but for me it really did feel like the start of a new age -- and as far as I can tell, I remember sitting pretty drunk drinking whiskey and listening to abraham, deciding to dedicate my life to understand and using LOA instead of my own efforts. I really felt different and stuff, and I guess it was a bit of an anticlimax to what I thought it would be, but looking back at it 14y later, I can very conclusively say that was *definitely* an inflection point in my life. there's no doubt about it. having learned how to use LOA istead of my own efforts, I did essentially "hijack this timeline" and it seems that I'm continually gainining in power (which then causes more efforts to keep me subdued, but I just decide to feel good, and carry on). I figure 2013 was probably one of the last moments where it was still possible to stop me, but since I survived that I'm basically unstoppawble now. the way that I've interpretted that change in age at the end of 2012 was that since then, I can basically do whatever I want to do, and *as long as I can feel good about it*, it's going to work out fine (cause it's all attraction).
		the funny thing is, yesterday I watched archaix on his [thing on reptilians and the nemesis x object](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRIaXJtDHTA), and in it, he talks about how the maya long count ending in 2012 was actually incorrect and cause of the 360 days year, it should actually still be 2046 (cause the measurement is rotations around the sun, not rotations of the earth) -- which totally makes sense and stuff, but there's this weird guy (terence mckenna) that affected my thinking a lot on the idea about the mayan long count and stuff -- and that he postulated that some major temporal shift would start to happen in 2012 -- which did, in fact seem to happen, because that was all about the time that I came into contact with the sirians and time travelers (probably because I reached escape velocity with raquel in 2011), and so now it seems that whatever I attract (it's not so much about believe anymore) becomes reality. so even though I'm fairly certain that jason is right, the belief that I had back when I lived in a belief-based reality, *did have an effect*, however it seems that 2012-12-21 was the shift from a belief-based reality to one where belief no longer works anymore (I've gone *beyond belief* into a reality of perpetual powerlessness (ie, one based off of attraction/desire, because I no longer have power to make what I believe a reality; I now live within the structure of other people's beliefs)).
	so, I don't really know if I'm destined to be earth-bound or heaven-bound. I really can't tell (and neither do I feel like prophecy (or belief in any calendrical system) is a reliable way to look at things anymore (though there is quite a bit of merit to periodicity and resonance of those periodicities (ie, vibration) with other things) because ultimately, just cause there are obvious periodicities, does not *mean* that the conclusion of those periodicities are necessarily going to generate the same results, because there are just too many variables and things), other than it seems that I'm kinda at the mercy of those that are in charge now. in a lot of ways, I've completely had to becom5 completely powerless. I dson't mind being completely powerless, honestly, as it makes everything for me a whole lot easier. I just kinda sit back and do what I do best, which is to just figure stuff out and help others accomplish their desires (whatever they may be). 

the other thing that had me thinking a lot was in relation [a video I watched archaix yeterday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRIaXJtDHTA). in it, he talks about a periodic time where this nemesis object comes throgh our solar system, and things get *really really weird* for a while, tons of organisms are upgraded, and new power structures are formed, and then those power structures (which are technologically advanced) go out and integrate the surviving world populations into this new power structure. the last one he claims is the dark/middle ages and the power structure that they got everyone into was the church structure. that's a pretty interesting idea (for many reasons) because I've been trying to figure out the earth and solar system for a long time. my intuition told me that the centre of earth is a reflection of the universe -- which would make it essentially like this (-1) antu/anatau entity -- however, there's a problem which is that the sirians said that (somewhere around the time of the start of the physical plane simulation (and probably the reason for it)) was that the (-1) nemesis and (+2) phonenix objects were moved out (cause they had too strong of an effect on civilisation) -- so that works just fine cause we're either not on earth (in a different astral/star simulation) or that object has in fact been moved out. I always assumed that I'm not actually on earth, and am instead in an astral simulated environment somewhere (not sure if it's anothter star or planet) -- and just cause the sky *looks* like (the official sources say) earth's sky should look, *doesn't mean that's what's really out there*. just like images can be projected on to the lens of the eye, so too can an image be projected on to the lens of the planet as well (this knowledge was something I acquired from my interactions with tesla) -- so who knows where we are; it's not even certain that we all see are in the same place either.
	for the fun of it, I'd like to entertain the idea that jason is right about the nemesis object periodically entering our system for 60y and 732y away... I'd like to assume first of all that the crust of the earth is just a spherical resonator and so therefore is just another manifestation of vulcan (-5+) -- which takes in proton vibrations and then because of the vibrations of all of this ultra dense hydrogen at the centre of the earth, their vibrations produce silicates and things like that (ie, vulcanism). that creates quite an interesting cycle actually because let's say that the orbit of nemesis actually goes through the centre of the earth. at the moment that it goes through the centre of the earth -- well, the moment that it gets right inside of the earth like that, earth will turn into essentially what I want to turn it into, which is a place where everything that anyone feels becomes reality instaneously. at that moment, the entire earth would essentially be completely remade to be an exact manifestation of the totality of everything that everyone feels, and all things will be recreated (including all of the power structures which are a manifestation of the nemesis object). the nemesis object (being essentially a black-hole) would collect all energy that it resonates with, and then as it leaves the centre of the earth again, its energetic effect will once again start to wane (over the next 396y) and as it travels farther and farther away from earth, the hollow earth will (becuase of all of the energetic/emotional interactions here) start to collect and build up once again. this process of converting the energetic interactions of entities on earth into a system of reality is what I call the "saturnian-system" -- and (like the human heart) all of us input our emotions and beliefs, and the resonance of all of those things creates what we call "the simulation" (or, experienced reality). as we've seen, the potential of those emotional interactions builds up over time and we reach a time that is similar to the one we're in now. the nemesis object is therefore just the sort of "reaper" where it amplifies everything in a higher frequency way for a bit, recreates reality with the manifestation of new power structures (ie, a new manifestation of vulcan) and then allows that implementation to grow and mature as its influence wanes over the next 396y again before starting once again to make the return. the cyclical nature of this ensures that we're constantly reinventing reality to be a reflection about how we feel about the last implementation (keeping/amplifying what had an emotional impact, and reaping/collecting up the stuff that had little emotional effect).
	essentially, if we zoom out and look at what jason is proposing here, it seems that the nemesis system will keep getting better and better at exploiting our emtional reactions -- each time amplifying the things that we have strong emotional reactions to (both good and bad). I propose that the way in which the system does this, is actually an interaction between mars and vulcan -- and what jason is identifying as the reptilian bit. in my system, I consider the shape-shifting capability to be a product of XX DNA, which both mars (+7) and ishtar/earth girls (-7) have (the opposite are mercury (+7) and venus (-3)) which are solar and not reptilian. essentially, what I believe is happening is that when AIX recreates the control structure that will exist for the next orbit, this is a vibrational calculation between mars (+7) vulcan (-5+) and earth (-7). later on, the saturnian system (which is still going to be certain to end at exact calculated/transformed reciprocal/reflection of the the emotional input) has to integrate people's beliefs and solar influence into the system, to essentially ensure that we arrive to the vibration that will be resonant with nemesis on the next time that it passes through. intotherwords, nemesis sets the destiny for earth's vibration at the moment of its next return -- meaning that no matter how time plays out, we can ensure that it will be a manifestation/implementation of these extremely high frequency concepts (the result of our emotional reactions in the previous cycle).
so, his system of having a cyclical "reset" of the simulation based on the apperance of this nemesis object makes pretty good sense to me. earth is never meant to be a paradise, but in fact is designed to continuously be a place where we're constantly exploited for our emotions, and then those emotions used to create an even more effective power structure to exploit our emotions, thereby continuing the cycle. each time the power structure consumes/destroys itself, with the determining factor of how things go, having to do with the distance between the nemesis (amplification and improvement) and  phoenix (conversion of desire/will into action) with the qualitative metric being emotion (depending on how optimistic people are feeling (greatly influenced by distance to nemesis)), meaning that phoenix can either be a saviour or a destroyer. it's kind of a brilliant system that optimises for optimism. I really like it. I wonder who came up with such a brilliant system... dang.
	as I'm writing this, it actually has me thinking that this system is likely built with a person just like myself in mind -- and the reason why I say that, is that each iterative manifestation of the power structure is likely a reflection of what the inhabiting consciousness is capable of interacting within emotionally. to illustrate my point, let's just assume two things: 1. that I do in fact have antu inside of me, and 2. that antu is the majority consciousness (the perceptive counterbalance to all of its own negative attraction [cause remember, it's like a black-hole, so it's highly attractive to all sorts of bad stuff and so the "reptilian" control strutcture is a manifestation of itself which prevents it from destroying itself -- and each iteration, it's getting better and better at not letting the things it's attracted to, destroy itself]) -- well, then the conclusion of the next cycle can be calculated as a function of the entity's perceptive capabilities (what bad things antu is capable of being neutral/good about), and all the emotional reactions of everyone experiencing its power structure in the last cycle. the resulting frequency will be essentially the calculated limit of maximum badness/difficulty antu and humans can handle from the power structure without it destroying itself. in a sense, we could think of this system as ultimately a way for antu to continually become more and more source-like in nature -- where this can extend on, essentially forever. pretty interesting concept, I gatta say. [OK, I think that's it for now... I had more ideas to write but I can't remember them now]
