# kim-possible

## 2026-02-24 01:04 - a crazy idea

this last week I've been watching a lot of china videos on youtube, but the last two days I've watched probably over 8 hours of videos on north korea. it's a pretty interesting thing, especially since this last video I watched was [why north koreans don't revolt? (and probably never will)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtgJzLx7y04). the interesting thing about is how they maintain power, essentially by isolation. it's hard to distill all of my thoughts on the current regime so I'll get right to the point. essentially they are starving and there's a huge asymmetry between the upper class and the rural class. their only option is to try and use a military threat (nuclear weapons) as a bargaining chip to maintain the current regime (cause without them, they could easily be overthrown really easily) and try to get them western nations to lift sanctions. one other premise: in [another video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIwcPn4eWJE) a defector talks about his experience growing up in north korea before defecting, and he states that an intervention by force would only make things worse, as the north koreans would just band together and entrench in their thinking that the west is evil and is trying to manipulate them, and he thinks that the only way to set the koreans free is to allow for free flowing of information to get in so that they cOuld see that their present situation is miserable and they've been brainwashed into beliving it's actually a good thing. however, in other videos it seemed to me that information may not be their saviour because it seems to me that some north koreans truly believe that their country really is the greatest place on earth and that they don't actually want western ideals (ie, it's probably divided quite a bit). the other thing that I noticed is that the current great leader (kim jung un) seems like he does genuinely want to bring his nation out of poverty and "make korea great again" (with communist ideals, of course) -- though, that would seem to be an extremely difficult or impossible task, because in order to make the nation great, it will need some amount of western input, which would completely undermine the present regime because the population would be able to see the rest of the world and be exposed to its ideas (the current regime relies on isolation and control of content).
my thought at the end of the [why north koreans don't revolt? (and probably never will)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtgJzLx7y04) video was: in an alternate reality, I would find it really fun and a very interesting challenge to be given the task to modernise north korea and to make it self-sustainable and a functioning system. I kinda like that it's an isolated place (not terribly influeenced by capitalism, cept for the upper class who has money). in a strange way, it feels almost like I can even kinda see/conceptualise/understand kim jung un's vision, and can actually see it as possible. so I thought that I would talk through some of my ideas. the challenge for me would be the following:
1. using as few foreign imports as possible (probably aligning primarly with china and russia), try to take the country up the tech tree essentially in isolation from the rest of the world.
	- they need to greatly improve food production, increase technical infrastructure and things like that.
	- the thing that I'm most inspired by is some of china's developments like huawai and deepseek doing things differently from the established western way (big and costly) and instead focusing on functional and efficient maximising available resources to produce the product.
	- I would be most proud to do would be to take a slightly different approach to a lot of the tech things that are so common in western thought.
		- to illustrate what I mean, I have noticed that western implementation is usually really "tall" (not sure how to say that) and "complicated" (using few complex things) whereas the eastern mindset is more "flat" and "parallel" (lots of basic units working together collectively to achive a goal). in microprocessors, perhaps a similarity can be seen like the difference between RISC and CISC architectures.
		- I feel like lots of very simple, functional, but elegantly implemented (ie, they work and are of high quality) systems would be sorta like a system of lego blocks which are like modular parts which can be refitted/repurposed into parts of more and more complex systems. the whole idea is getting the fundamentals worked out and well-working, and then building on top of working/functional systems, instead of trying to continue to build on top of a dysfunctional system like the westerners so commonly do.
		- taking a different tech tree path and rethinking and improving upon a lot of the basic parts of the infrastructre would provide a great costrast to the western implementation -- and it gives differentiation as well, so that the state propaganda has something that they can easily point and and say, "see our system is superior to the western architecture".
		- our implementation will be obviously promoted as "the ideal/superior way of doing things" and -- one of the major ways to do that will be to take a critical look at western implementations and to decompose them into parts, make those parts individual functional units and them improve upon them (and this thought pattern/process is also promoted as a core value of taking the ideas of others, breaking it down and then doing it better). that process becomes part of the ideology and a structured part of people's thinking. [interestingly enough, I watched [a video on the korean language](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADFBf1svwFU) -- and I basically know almost nothing about it, but it gave me the impression that korean is a much more composable language than chinese is, lending me to belive that my inspiration for traslating the korean technical revolution I would want to perform as being something that is composable]
2. I would want to maintain the "surveilance state" architecture for as long as it needs to exist. there's no reason to get rid of it
	- the system actually provides extremely good metrics for determining the population's thoughts and performace. metrics are always important
	- it's actually a "good thing" that control is maintained, as getting rid of the control system (ie, the western way of performing "regime change") is extremely unproductive and throws the whole system into chaos. as the country progresses and improvements happen, it's easy to relax and phase out things that are no longer useful.
3. I would want to continue to maintain the "western/capitalist enemy rhetoric", as it actually provides a good "us vs them" dialectic in which progress can be measured
	- we could measure quaility of life/product/service vs GDP.
	- having a perceived enemy or opponent is a good starting place, and it's where they're currently at right now anyway, so it's fine. again, as things progress, this competition mindset will likely shift as comparisons move from us vs them to us vs past/future us.
	- the goal of propaganda will be to prgressively move the ideology from a competitive focus on the the perceived enemy outside to a more introspective/isolated focus (how are we doing is all that matters).
4. state controlled resources should remain a thing
	- people should be given access to food, basic items, and luxury goods based on performance and good behavior.
	- likely an allowance system of credits allowing people to exchange those credits for the goods that they desire, essentially all free
	- instead of inflation on a monetary system, as production increases and more things become available, people should be continually be getting more and more credits over time (giving the illusion of prosperity and abundance)
	- the monetary system won't be abolished, and I think it can continue to exist as essentially a sort of "black/grey market".
		- I've found that upsetting a monetary system is never a good idea, so there shouldn't be any need to touch it. let it exist how it is. I wouldn't concern or involve myself with this in any way.
5. the system that is produced should aim to be entirely automated; a functional machine built out of many working parts.
6. this whole project should be a state-run system, with the state providing the resources and talent to produce the system.
	- inevitably (I would assume), that there will be corruption because the state always has some amount of corruption -- however, the corruption will likely be in the allocation of the resources.
		- for example, let's say that the state officials have unlimited credits -- who cares -- in fact, that can be one of the stated benefits of being a state official. none of that matters, cause the machine either works or it does not. it's difficult to game a binary system. 
	- what gets delivered each installment is another working part of the system which functions as it's been designed to function. that's considered a success, and it doesn't matter if takes 500% more resources to get there (though ideally that would be minimised).

here are some of my thoughts on the implementation:

1.  social networking systems (like websites and communicaton devices) should enable rapid and easy to communicate things
	- implementing and providing the communication systems to the people, ensures it to be easily trackable on those mediums
	- metrics on these systems gives insight into collective thought patterns and consensus can easily be ascertained to allow the state better decision-making capabilities (also important for being able make decisions on what parts of the system to expand/improve).
	- food production is top priority. if their scientists can build nuclear missles, I'm sure they can come up with something like modular greenhouses which can be mass produced and put into production so that food supplies and rations are boosted.
	- implementation of new wearable devices which enable easy communication (and tracking) -- with the main focus on allowing easy interface with production systems enabling remote operation of production systems and higher productivity.
	- focus on these "social" systems should be to boost productivity by enabling rapid communication between people in both private and work settings.
2. a state-run nationwide logistics network needs to be delpoyed allowing for rapid delivery of food and construction materials to rural locations
	- all deliveries of anything acquired by the credit system are delivered by this system, ensuring that the products are delivered and and that it's isolated from the monetary system.
	- the first and most important goal is to have this delivery system deploy goods to villages where people can come to pick up the products, and then later on directly to their living place.
	- guaranteed delivery and trust and transparency (in the system showing what's available, and guaranteed delivering what's requested) are a strong focus to ensure that the system can be relied upon.
	- all things should eventually be automated, to give the illusion that it's a machine and just like I trust my calculator to operate propery, I should be able to trust this system in the same way.
	- existing markets (which are based off of the monetary) system will not be touched, will continue to service those with moeny.

## open border allowing anyone to leave 
