# poly-tick-analysis

## 2026-01-26 22:55 - trump and the americas

today was a weird day because at church tonight I engaged a lot more in political discussion than I normally do. I gave distant answers like, when asked what I think about trump and the coming armageddon/WW3, I said, "whatever he does, it's going to be hilarious"	-- cause that's kinda how I see things. I see a whole lot of people worrying a whole lot about power and control. all power that has a sense of ideals (something better than the current system, whatever it may be) is a system that's going faster than the surrounding environment, which means that it's constantly trying to reach equilibrium with its environment (ie, it's making the environment go faster and the environment is slowing it down) -- essentially, what I'm saying is that below all of the rhetoric and political angles, the the rules of thermodynamics apply to all systems regardless of whether it's a vibrational lattice or a political system: all things strive tto reach an equilibrium with its environment. conflict occurs because any system that becomes "stable" means that it's no longer able to be in equilibrium with its environment (which is constantly changing), and so its inability to change causes stress on any rigid component. OK, that's the big-picture of how I see things.
for whatever reason I decide to watch the [latest interview that prof jiang did with glenn](https://youtu.be/80jUKe0blAQ), and he makes a really interesting point (which I hadn't heard before), which is that it seems that trump (who has been essentially bought out by tech bro elite) is doing his best to implement the desires of the tech bros, which is conflicting with the old money (central banking) power structure of the past era. I now see prof jiang's rationality here because in other videos that he's had he makes quite a big deal about how the industrial revolution changed the elites from a banking/monarchy elite (relations maintained through intermarriage and secret societies (and trust maintained through shared transgression)), to the wealthy owners of factories and industrial systems (ie, the elites from ford don't need to intermarry with the elites of GE to ensure eachothers market share and elite status in the global market) -- the "bourgeoisie". quite a similar thing is happening with the tech-bros now -- as they're essentially the new elite. they want to build their transhuman AI architecture, and the rolitical red tape is slowing them down (some say this is a good thing and some say it's a bad thing) -- and to some extent (looking at the big-picture of AI development), it could be by design that all of this conflict is happening to slow down the arrival of AGI (though that seems unlikely)...

now, I'll launch off into m/ own thoughts on this for a moment, because I wish to understand some things (cause they don't make a whole lot of sense to me) -- and that is: on one side, it seems that trump is trying to essentially divide the world into hemispheres: the west and the east. color-wise, I would say that the east is red and the west is blue (at least that's how prof jiang always has it in his maps), and traditionally -- it seems to me that the west (blue -- represented by the imagination) is trying to establish itself as the technical superiority -- the visionaries of the world; the world imagination -- whilst the east is all about raw unrefined power: industrial capacity (china) and resources (china/russia). [hopefully he doesn't mind, cause I am feeling tired of constantly writing "prof jiang", so I'll just write jiang now] jiang has expressed in a few videos that putin is angling to be a controller of resources (cause I guess america feels obligated to invade iran (for whatever reason)) -- and I know that china's tech industry has never tried to be the innovative type (they usually just copy/iterate on existing concepts) so america will likely remain the tech visionary and china the practical/utilitarian one (a bit of a role reversal from british/american beginnings). so, what I'm saying is that from an american tech-bro perspective (who wants to become the dominant tech innovator), america should by trying to reinforce communism and trying to bolster relations between russia and china so that the middle east war they want to fight isn't so economically catastrophic. the other thing that america has done quite successfully over the years (to maintain itself as the tech elite) is to bring in talent from all over the world. I get that they don't want too much unwanted immigration, but the americas will definitely want the smartest and most talented -- so I don't know why they don't take a play out of some of the rising military factions (like the mongols) and essentially say, "if you want to join us, we want your talent -- and we offer a meritocracy" -- where if you provide talent and support our transhuman agenda, you'll get your share of the techno-transhuman-future we'll build together -- and then use the meritocracy as a means to expel the intellectual dead-weight from the country (or at least help them relocate them to somewhere where they can be productive), and also use the meritocracy as a means to incentivise and only allow the quality migrants that they desire. also, focus on blue ideas of democracy and perceived virtue (and don't make the mistake that athens did by trying to be a virtuous mafia boss).
the other thing that I don't really understand which is why everyone seems to be so infatuated with the binary perspective of west vs east -- when in fact there are not two hemispheres but three (tritosphere): west, east, and middle (east). it seems pretty clear to me that the the world is actually being divided into a triad. the emitter is obviously the americas (which makes sense that it's the smaller part, much like the sperm is much smaller than the egg), the receptor is (-) africa, europe,asia -- and the dual-polarity (+/-) part being asia (probably with japan and west russia being its most emissive components). it seems that the majority of africa and eurasia is neutral (-): siberia and probably large parts of china is mostly empty space -- europe is mostly a welfare state having very little influence on the direction of tech -- and africa which seems content to basically have as little progress/development as possible (most neutral). inotherwords, what I'm saying is that most of eurasia is not making a significant contribution to the direction of the human race, and instead operates in a receptive/reflective/reactiionary manner (ie, we need resources, so we'll trade/prorduce X for Y). [back to the video...]
