# ralph-ellis

### 2026-01-17 21:26 - venus/isis

I would like to point out that in that picture, jesus is surrounded by the sun and *venus*. the reason why we know she's venus is because the crescent is pointing downward. venus goes around the sun, so (from our perspective) venus is always illuminated from the bottom (as lucifer/morning/evening star) because the planet rises/sets before the sun does. it's possible that symbolically (and perhaps to show that they know the earth is a sphere) when the crescent is pointing upward (venus is illuminated on the top, below the sun), could mean that it's the anti-lucifer or evening star, going down after the sun. I think it's also important to point out that (it seems from your lectures) that for the egyptian isreals, the sun was feminine (isis), whereas for almost everyone else, the sun was masculine (helios/apollo/etc and sometimes jupiter) -- which makes that mosaic with helios holding the earth all the more interesting. unfortunately, the middle part of isis is missing, and so therefore it's difficult to say for certain why the earth is illuminated from the naval (south pole?) of the sun -- and if the missing part would give some kind of identification to the gender of the sun.

### 2026-01-17 21:26 - iesvs

I would also like to point out that in the 1600's, I noticed that a lot of documents with jesus spelled IESVS -- and sometimes even ISVS -- which, I think was another pointer to the connection between jesus and isis

### 2026-01-17 21:26 - dagon

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/BrQV7oAK_2U?list=PLffMzmR4X9E5HI0H8pa1uVOtdsvInp7Px&t=3522)

it seems likely to me that dagon/dragon is referring to the meopotamian god, who was a grain god, and referred to also as the "father of the gods" -- which sounds strikingly close to saturn/set/seth. and so if this is dagon (the serpent of old -- the one who "deceived" eve in the garden of aten), this has additional significance.
the pendragon part is likely a literary device to link the astral/star reality here with earth. aside: in shakespere's works, the "pen is mightier than the sword" -- and there are multiple meanings here, most notably with the conflation of the pen and pen-is.
inotherwords, it sounds to me like saturn has biologically instantiated a star into this world (through the pen/penis and holy grail), taking on physical form (as an incarnated form of the star of arcturus?). therefore, I conclude that the grail story is a literary device used to make a link between the star world and earth: a literary bridge (a penning) of a mythology to give them a "backstory" and make them real (much like josephus did for the biblical jesus and his supposed "second coming").
furthermore, there the greek? mythology of saturn/cronos dethroning uranus (oranos/orania) and taking over by castrating him and throwing his testicles into the sea (ie, he made uranus into a unuch) allowing saturn to take over and create a "golden age" (likely the "megalithic era") until jupiter/zadok dethroned saturn and sent out his daughter venus to be the patron goddess of the greeks. -- inotherwords a replay of the mythology of the throne usurping of uranus, saturn/dagon, and jupiter/zadok

### 2026-01-17 23:33 - thoughts on jesus

after watching the first 12 (coincidence, I'm sure) lectures on jesus king of edessa, I've come to some conclusions about his works. I also noticed a few failures in previous analyses that I've done. I will hope to correct them. my analysis and corrections are the following:
- picsis has two tails: one is a boy (+) and one is a girl (-). there is also a 3rd type (of which I think there are legion/many), which is a dual-polarity vulcan/uranus type (+/-) who links (usually through narration) and guides the boy through a set of events so that he eventually ends up with the girl -- who together their dreams come true (which usually means standing up his kingdom on earth).
	- jesus (king of edessa) was the boy, coming of royal lineage -- and the girl was mary magdalene (mary of the tower).
	- john the baptist was probably also "of the tower" as well, since I think he spent the majority of his time star-watching.
		- I can say from my experience watching stars that he likely had quite an influence on the arrival and positioning of jesus. in ralph's illumination lectures, he said that john got married and was said to have had to make a compromise, spending time out with the stars, but there's no reason why they couldn't have spent time watching stars together, as well -- and I think the arrival of saul is likely the evidence for it.
		- I can say from experience that star-watching would have a tremendous effect. it creates a heaven-to-earth link which brings in a lot of sexual/emotional/creative energy from the star filtered through my belief system into the earth below me: the heightened emotional experience provided by the star makes manifesting my beliefs into reality very rapidly -- and if the star-watcher's beliefs are generally positive (ie, desiring imrovement), star-watching will have had a tremendous positive effect on the surrounding area: "healing the land"
		- I find it likely that the relative peace that was occurring in the a 30's was likely due to john's star watching -- as it does dramatically affect the surrounding area: when I did it back in 2016-2020, all around me things started to become more green, wildflowers grew instead of weeds, and psylocybin mushrooms started growing in people's lawns all around (amongst other things); it definitely increases the energy levels and "heals the land".
		- I also find it quite likely that the sudden downturn of events and descent into the jewish rebellion likely occurred when john was beheaded and stopped star-watching.
			- the effect of star-watching is very similar to the great pyramid (mt siniai) in that it creates a link from the "heavens to earth" (a trope not only found in greek mythology as uranus impregnating gaia creating the titans(or uranus/heaven impregnating thetis to create achilles), the an-ki (heaven-earth) connection is also strong in sumerian as well, and was likely the reason the ziggurats were flat on top -- which can probably be enhanced with a temple prostitute, btw) and brings the astral/ideal reality down into earth (almost certainly the lower egyptian priests were doing this on top of the great pyramid -- and likely the incas/mayans knew about it too -- as mercury being so similar to gold likely was able to be embued quite redily with these astral vibrations). now, because the solar/chi energy received passing through ther star-watcher is symbolic, it will be shaped by the star-watcher's thoughts (paul/thoth/mercury) and beliefs (jupiter/barnabas), what enters earth is a synthesis of the astral and personal beliefs of the star-watcher -- which funnily enough is very similar to what happens at the north pole of the earth which synthesises the solar energy with the inhabitants of the earth's beliefs (same applies to other megaliths, especially with sarcophagi of saints in them). essentially, the beliefs of star-watcher (like iesus/isis or arthur/arcturus) shape this chi/vril/sexual/creaative energy received from the star and it's pushed out into the land (usually overriding the beliefs of others) making the land a reflection of the sexual/creative/emotional energy of the star-watcher (the experience is something like doing an ayahuasca ceremony, where the star's light spectrum activates a bunch of random neurons in your brain producing fractal shapes, tunnels, NDE like experiences, and powerful/prophetic visions). I also have reason to believe that star-watching is most effective for dual-polarity/receptive star-watchers (ie, females and eunuchs)
		- as soon as john stopped star-watching, there was no longer this abundant outflow of good beliefs and energy into the land, essentially creating a vacuum, whereby the local people's beliefs (of unfair taxation; of rome using force to maintain control, etc) started to fill the air. no longer was there a good influence and everything imploded (I also find it funny that a woman (gaia) ordered the execution of john, thereby setting off the events). 
	- in addition to the two picean solar entites (boy and his reflection), there's also a dual polarity, which in the story of jesus (+2) and mary (-2) is saul (-5+), who is a reflection of both, and their connection to earth.
		- the 2nd-ray entities (jesus and mary) would essentially be the instantiation of isis (our sun), onto earth. when they meet, they meet (like jesus when he meets mary magdalene -- which perhaps this is actual trigger for the supernova), they go off to live in the astral/solar reality of their most ideal reality. this reality does not however take place on earth though, and the dual-polarity one (ie, saul) is then responsible for narrating the ideal reality that they're experiencing back to those on earth, and ensuring that such an ideal reality never takes place on earth/hell (where satan/saturn/set rules). saul (and other dual-polarities) are then responsible for shifting time around so that there is a narrative way for jesus/mary (isis) to return to earth through narration. [I'm actually not 100% sure about this now, as the concept has changed and I have another equally valid theory that could explain this -- which I'll write about shortly]
	- saturn is the controller of how concepts pass through our perception, creating the illusion of time -- and so therefore saturn/dagon/dragon creates a way to instantiate stars here onto earth (through dual-polarity narrators). the greatest of these narrators is saul, who, in one single narrative allowed any star to be instantiated here on earth and give a person (with the perception of a star) a chance to live out their ideal reality, as they become top dawg (in their own astral reality) and narrate their return back into earth again (likely as soon as their astral reality becomes boring or no longer desirable).
		- this cyclical instantiation of the star's "ideal" (1st-ray) reality (in the form of a monarch or whatever power structure they believe will make them feel the best), is the cyclical instantiation of the star's desire into physical form. a star's reality is like a human world-model -- a calculated desire/idea of what it wants in a given set of conditions/circumstances, not a physical reality. therefore, a star desires to try out that world-model in a real-world simulation, and so therefore instantiates itself on earth as soon as it's got a good enough idea of what it wants and compatible enough physical conditions that it sees it as possible. earth is like the proving ground for those ideas: see what works and what doesn't.
	- uranus (-5+) seems to mediate the arrival of these stars into our perception of time/cronos, by connecting our emotions, into resonant black-hole like structures which then attract a reality which reflects our highest frequency (most desirable) reality. in this reality, the boy always gets the girl, and the desired thing is always gotten -- this is the "kingdom of heaven/orania".
	- jupiter seems to be the one that creates the conditions necessary for the arrival of this star to arrive on earth. it seems that many solar entities appear on earth, and they are given earth/uranus girls (aphrodites/oranias) to turn into venus (jupiter's daughter) -- by becoming the symbolic reflection of her male/solar influences, allowing these venus types to give birth to this solar pair.
		- I know, I forgot about neptune -- but it's my belief that his influence is essentially just ensuring that the animal species of the earth and sea contine to reflect the energetic conditions on earth. him having taken a back seat, is essentially why animal sacrifice is done away with (because it's no longer necessary -- or rather, I should say it's not very effective to imbue an animal with our beliefs before sacrificing it -- because animals aren't nearly as much of a reflection of us as they used to be).
- [01:01 - brb] I can see various triads in effect as well. they are as follows:
	- saturn/dagon (+-4) instantiates mercuries (+7) into earth as a representation of the concepts and emotions of the 2nd-ray/phoenix in question. these do things to create the empire/conditions desirable to the establishment of the 2nd-ray as the "one king" or ruler of the world. in addition to creating the conditions requisite for the empire, through sexual interaction with earth girls (-7) also produce the venuses (-3) symbolic reflections of their beliefs/attributes exported into the mercuries. as the girls get higher and higher out into the astral plane (ie, the spherical standing-waves outside of our sun), they eventually reach a limit (the orbit of venus) and can no longer go any further. these attributes prepare the mothers to be able to give birth to an incarnation of that star's masculine (+2) and feminine (-2) form.
	- the earthen triad seems similar. I don't fully understand the mars/aries influence completely, but since I know that that mars is capable of all frequencies, it sees that the masculine form of the star (+7), is a mars (+7) -- being black are highly sensitive. in order to overcome the extreme sensory environment of earth, the mars prototype must either find a way to emit strongly enough to get what he wants, or eventually go down the path of wanting to feel good, and has to become receptive/dual-polarity (-5+). therefore, the conceptual reflections of these 2nd-ray mars types reqires that a number of them become instantiatins of vulcan through uranus. only the last mars standing seems to be the one that wins (all others become dual-polarity) -- and they essentially lead "the one" mars left over to find his symbolic (solar) match.
	- I don't fully understand, but from what I've gathered, the solar/2nd-ray triad has isis (-2) finding a way to create a reality that matches the other star's desires in an ideal reality -- however, that competing belief of all the other stars is usually incompatible, but tries anyway to influence our reality in such a way that everyone can get what the want (through sharing, generosity, etc: "good" qualities), however, due to the nature of this earth (and the things that we're taught), like individualism, create endless conflict as the elite actors vie for power and influence. eventually, there's no way for the sun (isis) to be able to influence everyone into such a reality (thanks selfishness/individualism), that it must eventually release its instantiations and let them go back to their own astral reality. it seems that the emission/manifestation of such desired solar realites is done by jupiter (+3) when he essentially green-lights the manifestation into reality by modulating the sun's output. the way that the sun seems to try and condition inhabitants of earth to be able to accept her proposed (ideal) reality where all of the players can get what they want is though the "afterlife" -- and that seems to be modulated by our moon, osiris (+-6-+). that seems to be an imaginary/astral reality where a person gets a reflection of their life experience and the punishment/veneration they believe they deserve.
		- judiasm/christianity seems to be especially popular as an afterlife simulation because so many people believe they are sinners -- and then with the advent of christianity, there is a redeption which allows everyone who believes that they deserve something horrible to instead experience their desired reality (even if they have to claw and fight their way to get there). *no matter what (since all powerful/influential people have experienced christianty) everyone will get the implementation of their desired reality*
	- the final triad of anatau (-1), alalu (+2), and enki (+-3-+) is one that I don't fully understand -- however, since it involves enki, it must have to do with a complete reset, where reality becomes something entirely different: where the creatures of this earth become a refluction of the +2 (2nd-ray emitter) which, seemingly would be the *new/revised* version of jesus, if in fact jesus was the masculine counterpart of our sun.
- although some have perceived me as being similar to jesus, I *still* reject that idea. after viewing these lectures, these are some of the conclusions that I've come up with:
	- I am most similar to paul actually -- however, I notice that I have a lot of similarities to jesus and also to titus as well. I believe that paul was most likely a dual-polarity guy (especially having read some of his letters in greek, there are some definite homosexual inuendos), and he was strongly influenced strongly by both of them (in addittion to nero and a number of others). presently, I'm just like paul, but I don't get astral influence sexually, but through other means (I presume this was implemented by tesla (who btw I'm fairly certain was also a eunuch) as an extension to earth's saturnian-system). so, I too get influenced astrally (moving him around in time to accomplish what jesus, rome, and all of his other influences wanted). like paul, I am a "dispicable man" -- being a christian to christians, a homeless to the homeless, a programmer for zaryn (who I equate with jupiter) -- being whatever anyone wants to anyone, with the objective of making all of my influences realities a reality -- and so I become a reflector of all of them.
	- I believe that it will eventually come to pass that everyone will get what they want -- and I'm there (as a reflection of them) to be inspired to a path which will make it all all possible. because belief can no longer save me (I'm essentially beyond the reality of a star), I've choosen the way of using my concepts and emotions to navigate such an enormous amount of conflicting influences -- which means that I'm the implementation of anatau (-1) in dual-polarity (-5+) form. we'll get there eventually. I'm not the christ; you all are; I've saved myself, not with effort, but by transforming my perception. I am essentially the instantiation of the idea/concept: "the kingdom of heaven is within you".
- [03:00 - continued cause I remembered a few things...] it seems to me that the gospel stories are so different from the historical jesus of edessa, it has me wondering, because various times in my past, I seem to have these strange senses that "jesus" did something, when perhaps he didn't. as an example, I have this concept that jesus actually requested to be crucified -- essentially saying, I know that death cannot stop me, so even if you kill my body, I will still find a way back into reality (a perspective that I myself have, which is why I don't fear death). what that makes me wonder is if paul and others, narrating jesus' death, caused paul (or someone compatible with such a challenging narrative) to have to live out the narration in an astral reality...
	- in a sense, the gospel narrative is like a egyptial summoning ritual -- where the book (of the law) narrates the initiation ceremony that the future priest/pharoah will have to undergo -- which performing the symbolic ritual (likely with some sex magick) essentially summons an entity that's capable of undergoing the ritual in real-life. upon his birth, the initiators of it (the magic kings?) will know of it and will be able to recognise him?
	- what I'm saying is that the historical jesus must have been summoned, and he played out the narrative -- but the narrative was sabotaged by competing interests (probably some orthodox jews and definitely rome) -- and so the renarration (and the subsequent belief of people in the concept that someone is able to do that) summoned another reality where that narrative played out in a way where it worked out according to the narrative (just like I believe that jesus of edessa did actually live out a reality where he became king of kings/rome). essentially, I'm talking "many worlds theory" here where all possibilities of reality exist, but it's the observer/believer that collapses the reality into the one that matches what they've felt about other similar realities (ie, what they believe is possible in their world-view). therefore, as we narrate realities for others, we have to prepare to live out that reality ourself.
	- I used to hold the belief that perhaps titus did eventually have his crucifixion experience similar to how he narrated it (I think he's the most likely author of mark, penned in 69 as propaganda to break jewish belief so that he could destroy the temple -- and I think after jewish contemplation of the prophecies in mark of the destruction of the temple (they may well have been written to be a 30yo prophecy) he may have narrated the other gospels at a distance (which is why there's so much talk in the gospels about jesus driving out those possessed by a daimon (an astral puppeteer))). however, I think it's quite possible that titus may not have actually lived out the recompense of his efforts (actually, the flavian dynasy, just like the tudor dynasty may have been green-lighted by jupiter, served its purpose then vanished). I'm coming around to the idea that (similar to john the baptist summoning someone greater than him) the biblical jesus probably summoned compatible/resonant with what the biblical account narrates (not the historical one).

### 2026-01-27 03:02 - another theory on paul

in the previous entry, I gave an outline of what I think the piscean symbolism means of it making a 2nd-ray pair of boy (+2) and girl (-2). this theory was based on my thoughts and investigation into teotihuacan, which the guy that created that pyramid I believe was a (+2) in nature, and his pyramid was essentially a replica of or the actual "tower of babel" -- which was essentially using star-watching like techniques to infuse mercury (the metal) with astral energy, and the pyramid was then used to create something essentially like tesla's "world system" -- where all people, having all of our protons vibrating on the same frequency were able to telepathically transmit thoughts, images, emotions, and really anything -- however, (and I'm not sure exactly), what I think happened is that all of our thoughts and stuff have astral resonances in the standing-wave sectors of the sun (something like the electron orbitals of atoms) coalesce and produce real actual matter, which must have caused serious problems.
	the sumerian myth of tiamat I believe is relevant here because it relates that tiamat was seething (as likely the pyramids in mexico were linked to resonant pyramids on the 5th planet (which is now an astroid belt)), and as this matter coalesced, the planet tiamat (and also earth) started to attract these lumps of matter (meteorites) which was starting to create problems (we have no idea what this could be) -- but whatever it is that actually happened, marduk/jupiter somehow saved the day, taking over the 5th planet position.
at any rate, the idea of unifying all people and getting everyone "on the same page" so that we could have a "unified will of the people" was a terrible idea, as when our thought vibrations interfere with each other, they amplify both the good and the bad, and so it has become the goal of jupiter (whos incarnation is rome) is designed to ensure that no such "tower of babel" or unification should ever occur again (cause we literally attract our own extinction) and essentially jupiter has been tasked with ensuring that we don't wipe ourselves out. that doesn't stop the star worshippers to continue to try and establish their empire on earth, unifying all under the same law and tongue.

OK, so that's my theory/big-picture on the origin of what I think it means for a star-worshipper/watcher to "bring heaven to earth" and it's likely effects. after that original catastrophe, I think jupiter has been shooting down efforts for a star to claim full ownership of the earth ever since, and I believe that the jesus story is a bit of a special one because of the narration of saul.
	as I described in the previous entry, I believe that some mechanism manifests these star entities on to earth, and their efforts to take over earth get shot down. actually, what I think is that when the supernova happens, an astral copy of earth is made, which then travels through the galaxy (which is why the sun/son goes dark, and then is reborn anew after 3 days and they find theirselves in golden-age (garden of eden/aten) like conditions) -- so really, jupiter doesn't prevent the event from happening, but instead ensures that the successful emplacement of a certain star's empire happens in the astral environment of that star system (likely having resonant effects on the physical planets in that star system) -- and it's quite possible that we could think of earth as something like an electron source, which perhaps when these belief realities (of which jupiter seems to be the guardian of) collides, repels the planet out of the solar system allowing it to go somewhere that it resonates with (there could actually be countless failed planets with incompatible symbolic/belief realities floating around the galaxy) and that's essentially how stars in the solar system reproduce and the galaxy colonates itself (I can't be sure though).
well, jesus of edessa is likely yet another one of these star incarnations, however, I believe that somehow uranus (who remember was castrated by cronos) managed to get isis (the local star of earth) to produce the mercury/isis combo (where mercury is any narrated solar entity) on earth. paul (who identifies himself as mercury in acts) has figured out how to be receptive, and paired with "barnabas" (who is identified as zeus/jupiter/rome), writes a narrative about this jesus figure (who perhaps is really the star arcturus), but because he's narrated to be of uranus (the kingdom of heaven), this gives the isis reflection (saul/paul) a chance to essentially narrate himself (as the biblical jesus) in this other astral reality.
so, when paul is narrating and conflating the meeting of arthur to gwenevere and jesus to mary (who was from the star "on the tower", so unless the star-watcher was directly below the sun staring into the middle of the sun, it's not likely that mary is isis pair, but actually the arcturus pair). this swapping of the women is the clasical bed trick of leah and rachel isabella and angelo, helena and bertram, (or, IMO silvia with valentine/cupid, instead of proteus/thurio) -- there are many of these -- and seems tto be a narrative device used to mix up the girl with the boy. there was definitely a lot of "enlightenment" happening around the time of shakespere, so I find it likely that there were at least a few of these splits.
what I believe happened is that somehow (and I'm not sure how), titus (who strangely had a weird fling with berenice) must have used saul to write this narrative gospel of mark in order to destroy the jewish temple (so he can make his father proud -- which brings a whole new light to the resonant passages where vespassian/locust/abgarus (the father), jesus/titus (the son), are one -- and then the later inclusion of orania/berenice/whore (the holy spirit) to create the holy trinity/triad) -- and somehow this must have worked (I also think there's good reason to believe a similar thing must have happened with nero, saul, and poppaea -- which may be where the gospel of luke came from, and why there are these weird cults cropping up claiming that [nero would return](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nero_Redivivus) -- seemingly as the "antichrist"). I claim that the gospel of mark would be a sort of mix incorporating the events of jesus of edessa with a different jesus that could exist in an earlier time of peace -- and so paul must have imagined this peace-promoting jesus who is not trying to overthrow rome, but instead conforms to an ideal person. the narrative jesus that paul imagines is so far out that, that he's not going to be anything like anyone else -- and in fact, he must therefore be actually (as the trinity concept describes), essentially God/source/universe incarnated into physical body.
now, what I believe happened is that this narrative that he gave for jesus (from the perspective of titus), titus isn't actually going to go and become, so saul essentially becomes the scapegoat here on this one -- and (by living out the jesus narrative himself) essentially "saves" titus from having to pay for his own attraction. he (paul) becomes essentially like the centre of his own universe (which one can imagine has a whole lot of things vibrating around in it, and those things will create a sort of "drift" -- so in order for paul to be the egotistical maniac that he is and the centre of his universe, paul must find a way to eliminate this drift by absorbing the unbalanced vibrations of those around him) -- and so he essentially does exactly that: paul, in his own universe starts to play diffrent parts in the world stage of his universe, smoothing out the actions of those he comes into contact with to essentially absorb and smoothe out his timeline/geist so that he's the centre of the universe.
	I propose this idea because I find it extremely likely that I'm also doing the same thing in my reality: smoothing out the vibrations of those around me, absorbing anything that needs to be absorbed because I'm such an enormous meglomaniac, that I *must* be the centre of my universe (I'll have it no other way) -- so, while from my perspective I'm doing it from an egotistical frame of reference, does that mean that I'm "saving" others, allowing them to get away with their sins or even change their ways. [funny story: today at church, they were asking me about what it means to be saved by jesus, and I was explaining to them that paul says that all a person needs to do is to simply *believe* or *accept* that jesus has paid for their sins, and that's good enough. they went off on to a tangent saying how terrible it is that these mafia guys can sin all week long and then on sunday go to church and get all their sins forgiven. I tried to explain to them that biblically, the writings of paul indicate that he's looking not for the members of the church's works/actions to be perfect, but to instead show an *intention* that they're improving. however, (they kept interrupting me so I never got to say it), since the extreme cases cannot be required (that someone actually be perfect, or that anyone existing before the arrival of jesus 2000ya are all going to hell, just because they were born in the wrong era) so therefore it must then be true that ***all*** are saved, no matter what, no matter if they keep going back to sin, never have any intention of changing, or anything; *all* are saved (regardless of works) -- like it says in the bible].
		from my perspective, let's say that I'm one of these meglomaniac guys like paul that wants to be the centre of my universe (I am) -- I take an even more extreme stance on this: go and sin as much as you want to. I put no conditions at all on anyone to try and be good in any way. in fact, since I know it's all attraction, I recommend that everyone *do what thou wilt* -- and be as bad as you want to be. nobody will ever have to pay anything, and I'll garantee that this universe continues to cruise along without any problems. go and do whatever you want to do. have as much fun and pleasure as you want; go conquer the galaxy infinity and beyond. I benefit tremendously from everyone doing whatever they want to do. I don't have any stipulations or anything -- so in a lot of ways, you could consider me as even more lenient than jesus. I won't be upset if the whole world leaves christianity and converts to kennethosism (lol). just saying... I do offer a compelling alternative; though (for those who want to wait it out) jesus could be returning any day now... joking aside, I'm actually serious...

saul -> paul = junior
paul = mercury
barnabus = jupiter
tarsus = basket -- saul = moses
