# russian-thinking

## 2026-05-10 02:?? - spiral-extremes and the russian death cult

hi elvira, I'm watching [your video on the russian death cult](https://youtu.be/QzcJfClYNso) [so far, I've only finished the first ~10m (section on the origins)] and I feel inspired to write to you about a concept.

have you ever heard about the concept of both extremes existing on a spiral? when looking down the sprial, it looks like a circle. so now, let's look at the circle. take any point on the cirle (the two ends of the spiral) and let's say that to on either side of the point is are the extremes, and opposite the point on the other side is "normal". for example, we can imagine "sanity" (or left politics, masculinity, selfishness, etc) to the left of the point -- and then we'll go all the way around the circle to the other side of the point which is the opposite extreme: "insanity" (or right politics, extreme femininity, selflessness, etc) -- and the opposite extreme looks very similar but from an opposite perspective.
	an example of this may be some thing like this: start with a feminine extreme like soap operas and fempop groups -- and then we'll go 180 degrees around to normal reality -- and from there keep going into more masculine extremes back to where we started and we arrive at heavy metal and wrestling (which are just male soap operas) -- both having long hair, make up, and lots of drama... they are nearly the same thing, but coming from opposite directions; the same thing can be applied to almost any extreme.
when we look at the spiral from the side-view, we see that there is quite a bit of space on the z-axis between the two extremes -- and that space is why we see them as being "different" -- even though they look quite similar when the spiral looks like a circle (ie, both with long hair, make up, and lots of drama). the side-view of the spiral illustrates the reason (cause it looks like half of a sine wave or a bell curve): what we think of as normal is just the peak distribution (most "normal"), and each end is the least probable distribution.

what you're describing with death is nearly the same thing. to explain, I had a brain haemorrhage as a child, NDE and many close-calls in life, such that I no longer fear death. I joke about death quite frequently because I know it's nothing to fear. I too see people as resources (souls gaining experience and preference for what they want) and I also see everyone else who fears death as quite different than me (similar to the oligarchs who see theirselves as distant/different from the pesantry) -- with people who see the world like the russian pesantry as being exactly opposite to me (making all of their decisions based on safety, risk, and security, with fear being the motivating force vs me, where I only do what feels good and safe) -- yet we're almost exactly the same; because I too (having been in various near-death situations) am also quite concerned with safety: I don't do anything that feels unsafe (no risky situations of any kind) -- yet people watching me constantly consider that I'm doing unsafe things (in their logical mind), yet I feel fine doing these "unsafe/risky" things because I don't feel any risk or unsafe [I'm reminded of those videos of those russian boys climbing those tall towers without safety equipment].
	to explain: there's a very thin line between the perspective of the oligarchs that run the death cult and the perspective of the peasantry in the death cult: the main difference is that the peasants are held in fear through the taboo of death (which is probably why when the soldiers get on to the battlefield and death is everywhere and normal, they loose their fear of risk). however the oligarchs (which are of the same mindset, but on the other side of the circle) are fearless to do their exploitation because deaths/purges are normal for them.
if at any moment, a russian could trust in theirself enough enough to know when something feels unsafe, they would be like me. the difference is, I think many russian men are taught to suppress/ignore their emotions, so when they get out there on the battlefield, they lose their fear of death, and yet still many of them die (it's ok -- trust me) because they can't feel their emotion alerting them when to get out of danger.
I see myself as very distant from the russian mindset, however perhaps we're quite simmilar. you actually opened up my eyes to see that I'm actually not very different from the fearful people I feel so distant to.

---

I just started the next section on martyrdom and sacrifice [btw, I would say that this section begins at 10:21 in the video] -- and I may not send this section, cause I just wanted to freestyle my thoughts here.
the first thing that comes to my mind is that (not sure how to explain this) -- which is that it feels to me that the DNA (or perhaps some kind of genetically encoded ideological makeup) of the russians feels extremely similar to the jesus archetype (laying down of one's life to promote change -- yet really only perpetuates -- a corrupt system). I believe this is also quite related to receiving a favourable image and recognition through death.
	I oftentimes feel both of these russian-death-cult-like qualities quite strongly myself -- and I'll address them at the same time (cause they're related): the feeling of preference for death is quite a contentious and complicated feeling for me because one side of m5 feels invincible (that I cannot die) and that things always work out in the end anyway. that extreme confidence in my ability to survive whatever situation I get myself into (they never feel dangerous, and if I feel danger, there's always a way out, so I just endure until it's over with) -- actually propels me into quite a few very interesting predicaments. I oftentimes finding myself jumping into battle for someone (usually an argument), essentially to take their punishment for them (cause I know I'll be fine, yet I'm not so sure that they will be). I've even fearlessly challenged authorities having zero fear of my loss of reputation (because I know that what I'm standing up for is always "right" or "correct", not unjust or corrupt (in the karmic sense)). I know that one can be falsly accused of someone of something (satan is "the accuser"), yet inevitable some form of truth (or a reflection of it) always finds it's way back into reality (this is the idea of karma) -- and that I know (in a way similar to joseph in the bible), that no matter what, what matters is not the momentary thing, but for the cosmic (beyond-physical life (karmic)) investment: stand for the things that I want, and eventually (even if it takes a few lifetimes to get there) I will eventually be living that kind of life.
	I don't really feel the need for physical recognition or manifestation of the conditions that I want in this lifetime -- which makes it really easy for me to just be like, "naw, this is what I want; I'm going for it even if it costs me everything" -- which it never has, and I always come out of it fine (though usually with less material/physical possessions).
	when it comes to reputation, I don't see death as vindication of my capabilities, rather that if I'm acnowleged or recognised, death is not my vindicator, but actually an illustration of the jealousy of my capabilities by others. I know that they're so stuck in the "rightness" of their own way (even if it's obviously not producing good results), that they would never be able to admit that I had anything of worth while I'm alive.
		going to take a stab at what may be going on here: this could also be a reflection of their own mentality as well: they must know that if someone were to recognise them as having done something great, it would would cause hubris and and a downfall. furthermore, to add to the chaos, it's unlikely they believe those recognising them as being genuine, thinking them to instead be ass-kissing to try and gain a better status or position. furthermore still, I think giving someone else recognition while they're alive would mean that they are subordinating theirself (making themself less-than) the person that they're recognising -- when they must know that they're essentially the same as everyone else that they're "superior" to, with their superiority being only an illusion/image that they have built up -- which, only with people believing in that illusion is the only reason why they're "superior". furthermore still, I think recognising someone for them is linked to the idea of trying to get approval -- which almost certainly would start to put a crack in the image that they've built up on their "rightness". any approval of another idea would reduce their perceived superiority, and recognising someone else would may indicate that the current way (which they have some edge of superiority over) may not continue on -- which, could ultimately mean that new idea could shake foundation of their established system/superiority [for some reason I'm reminded of the "why life without putin terrifies the russians" video, which I have not seen yet -- cause I can see that the russians, being on the opposite end of the spiral, are of the same exact mindset as putin is -- yet, they're seeing it through the lens of fear, which is why they must need a "fearless" leader -- who is absolutely committed to maintaining the system (probably because the russians have been taught to believe that the russian way is the best/greatest/superior way -- and seeing major changes in that system would invalidate their "rightness" of what they believe to be true -- and few people are willing to find out that what they've believed all their life isn't in fact "right" (a concept that goes all the way back to the ancient greeks))]
the second thing that comes to mind comes from your statement that the only way to go up in society is to become a government official (or something relating to corruption). I don't know if you're trying to make this point specifically in the video or not, but I've often been confronted with this difficulty: if I want to have good conditions or to affect some kind of change, I would have to become part of the very system that I don't want to be a part of (for me in america, this is the corporate system) -- and I tried it for a bit; I tried getting into the corporate system and doing things "the right way" -- however, because the system is motivated by money and image -- that meant that I had to buy into the thinking that money is the way that I get what I want -- and the more of it I have (and my ability to use an ideology which means that money reinforces that people do what I want them to do), meant that I had to ultimately give up on a lot of my confidence in myself and my own capabilities, but instead start to rely on money and let it do the talking/motivation for me. inotherwords, I hated the idea that people that I could hire/influence in that world were motivated, not by the core idea I wanted to create, but by money -- and the perceived illusion that would make them happy and feel good about theirself.
	quick tangent: a group of people that are motivated by the idea itself is usually what we call "startup culture" -- the beginning stages of an organization of people that are motivated by the world having the reality of the thing they're trying to create -- however, we see this all the time in tech startups, where a good idea gets going, but is ultimately not sustainable by the group of people with the idea (usually because once the thing gains traction, overhead costs and the public interface starts to become too much for a small group of people to handle) -- so if the project is to keep growing, more progerammers are needed -- and the only way to get more of those is to pay them money (even open source projects whos contributers are also people who believe in the project, the cohesiveness of the group starts to break down) and so now upon hiring more tech guys, these new ones are motivated by money and not the idea itself -- just being paid for their productivity and ability to follow orders (which means more management is needed to maintain these guys) -- so the project loses its original motivation, making the transition ultimately toward being motivated by money -- and since management is the ones that's making the most money, everyone wants to be a manger, incentivising those motivated to make money instead of the idea a reality. [I suppose it may be possible if an organization were to recognize this, forcing management to have significantly lower salaries (perhaps compensated by options) than the workers, thereby decentivising money-minded people from making decisions -- in a sense, meaning that the ones that are ultimately determining the direction of the project are forced to make a sacrifice to get the thing that they want (and the recognition that they deserve for believing in the idea) -- probably also with metrics and performace measured not in dollars, but in other qualitative metrics. however, this is only speculation on my part, as I've never tried such a corporate structure, cause it'd likely get laughed at by investors, who like to use money they're ivesting as a means to steer the project (money = power, in that world)]
so, essentially, the moment that money starts to get involved, everyone is motivated to make more of it (which is management) -- and the most ambitious ones are all usually the least concerned about the project itself and instead on their own gains -- and those are the ones that ultimately start to make the decisions for the project. in that system, more money = more power (ability to control more people and conditions with that money) -- and that power struggle incentivises unqualified people to pretend (give the image) that they're making the best/right decisions -- and all of them fear that if their decisions are perceived to be of poor quality, then they'll lose their money/superiority advantage -- which means, as you've illustrated in your videos, that suppression of visibility of mistakes and doubling down on bad ideas becomes routine to maintain their position. the system is designed to make ideas which make more money, which then that desire (to make more money) is also the thing that causes its own destruction (probably why capitalism/imperialism has such a high turnover rate).
the whole architecture of money (and any system run on it) is detestable to me -- but because there aren't really any other alternatives to it (other than returning to live a stone age lifestyle, disconnected from the world and technology), because I don't want to join the corruption, I must be passive and submissive to the whims of the system. I too would rather die (from starvation from an economic downturn or whatever their latest scheme is) than to join the corrupt system and try to claw my way to the top (where, if you notice they a very unhappy life in fear of losing that position -- where also there seems to be a very high turnover rate for the ones that aren't absolutely vicious in maintaining control). I must do things the "right way" (in my own eyes), so I'll remain on the bottom of the hierarchy, essentially forever, because I refuse to manipulate and take advantage of others for my own personal immediate gain.
so the way I see it -- my "sacrifice" is not in anything of action or loss of life, but instead in the belief that the system will eventually find a way to evolve into something that eventually is good enough. I am of the personal opinion that not only are the peasantry sick and tired of the constant disempowerment of anyone that rises above the median -- but also, the oligarchy is also sick and tired of the constant disempowerment of anyone that rises above others. eventually, I am certain that something will emerge out of the system which allows for both regimes (the ones who see their core values as more important than their physical body, and the ones that see their physical body as more important than their core values) to exist simultaneously. I believe this is certain because one only has to look at the trajectory of history and see that even though the peasantry have been systematically taken advantage of for milenia, quality of life continues to improve for the peasantry. poor poeple today live with far more luxury (and opportinity) than most nobility 1kya. I don't believe that they'll ever be able to change their perspective, constantly needing better conditions than the next guy -- which means that they'll enlessly be in a battle to create better conditions and tech for theirselves.
	when looking at this concept, the thing they want to create is a world/environment which is not messy and easy for them to control. ultimately, they will always have percived power and control over then peasantry essentially forever -- and the ones that see that as a problem will have to find a way to claw their way to the top, or settle in and get used to it. as the gap widens further and further between the oligarchs and peasantry (it's tremendously more today than it was 1kya) -- it will become close to impossible for anyone to bridge that gap as time goes on -- and they will ultimately have to finally choose death or become OK with the situation -- and that's a good thing! -- because the more separation they get from the peasantry, that will isolate their competition and in-fighting amongst themselves -- because it'll become increasingly more obvious as time goes on that competition and control are not an effective means to living a meaningful life. we'll get there, I promise -- and the sacrifice will be worth it. it'll be a whole lot easier to find meaning in life, when we're no longer buying into their system of control and hierarchy.
oh, one more thing on the sacrifice section: revolution doesn't make any meaningful change because it's the same point on the opposite end of the spral: cruelty to those less-than vs cruelty toward those greater-than -- with the only major difference being that the greater-thans have more capacity to suppress the cruelty. revolution happens when the efforts of the greater-thans are not enough to suppress lower-thans' cruelty toward them -- and a "new" system gets put into place. however, since the less-thans are now the new greater-thans, the system turns into essentially the same system it overthrew (same point, but opposite extreme).
[TODO - my perspective as a synthesis between the two (serving to make the regime "happy" -- and )]
[TODO - mercenaries -- now motivated by money]

## 2026-05-10 07:4? - why life without putin terrifies russians

so, I decided I would watch the [other video about why life without putin terrifies russians](https://youtu.be/WaktJKxaw1U). your image of a web was a really good one and at the end, you asked a question which inspired me to write my thoughts...
first the web: [TODO] depending on and creating groups with the people around you cause the system is unstable exists for both the top and the bottom.
now, did I ever know somebody who stayed with a bad boss, instituion, or system? yes -- myself -- but not because the loss of the system scared me. I stayed mostly because I didn't want to fight it. I felt that my presence alone would ensure change.
	all of my life, anytime I've been put into a rigid system, if I fought the system, the system got worse -- however, if I stopped fighting it, my presence alone for some reason causes the system to change. I actually hadn't really thought about why that's the case until now -- so I'm going to try and figure it out. I've noticed all of my life that once I can see a flaw in a system, that flaw is easier to be seen by others. my sisters would oftentimes ask me about things like boys and stuff (and then later try to keep the boys that they liked away from me, because they didn't want to see the flaws in someone that they liked) -- and that was essentially because they were blind to the flaws, trying to believe the illusion. you see, I'm a person that gets an emotional responce to people -- and that's cause everyone has a feeling to them. all people have a mix of good and bad, so when something feels bad to me, I've had to learn to trust it (and the times I didn't, I got robbed or beat up or something bad). I also think deeply about the things that feel, trying to figure out what the feeling means.
		all flaws have a bad/dissonant feeling to me -- so I've learned to be able to identify concepts or generalzations that correspond to the feeling. oftentimes, the feeling is in direct opposition to the appearance or image the person is emitting (everyone tries to present the image that will produce an emotional responce in the other person (ie, they will like me, feel I'm trustworthy, feel like I'm safe, etc)). the difficulty is, for someone that (for example) wants to feel safe, a person presenting an image that they are a safe person will feel strong attraction to that image the other person is emitting -- simply because around them, that person makes them feel the way they they want to feel; they like the way the person makes them feel so much, that they *want* so badly for the image to be true, that they're unwilling to see evidence of the contrary because once they see it, the image they present no longer makes them feel the way they want to feel.
	the moment I'm able to identify the feeling of the person (or system) and I'm able to put words to it, it makes the flaw much more visible to others (we all share a metal/emotional space, even if we choose to ignore or desensitise ourselves to it) -- *and it also becomes visible to the person/system with the flaw*. most commonly, as soon as that happens, the flaw either gets corrected in some way (whether its to hide it more, keep their distance from me, or whatever) -- but whatever the correction may be, it produces change. either they get better at hiding it, the flaw is accepted as a tradeoff, or there's an improvement that's made -- doesn't matter; a rigid system never stays the same around me. rigid systems and flaws don't like critical thinkers, because thinking critically about something causes change.
so, the funny thing is, assuming that my hypothesis is true (about me constantly affecting change), the real answer to your question is a bit more long-winded here: change takes time, and in order for change to occur, fighting the system only reinforces it (because now they have an enemy on the outside they can blame the problems on and focus their attention, so they don't have to look at the self-problems -- fighting the ememy unites people in a broken system against an external threat, which is something I'm sure you're aware of). so, the only real solution to not fighting the flaw/system is to accept it. the other thing that I've noticed is that just as when I notice a flaw, everyone can see the flaw -- my detection system works for both good and bad qualities -- so, actually -- in many cases I've stayed in a bad system because I figured out that if I perceive the good, I amplify the good (and everyone can see it, thereby making the system work with me better), and if I perceive the bad, it usually gets changed to become less of a problem or improved. so, since I influence the system with my perception -- I may as well learn to see what I want to see
