# slow-poke

### 2024-11-24 23:09 - thinking slowly

the last few saturdays and sundays, I've decided not to take any adderall those two days, just to kinda get a bit of a rest. I really enjoy having a bit of time where my brain runs at normal speed. I've noticed that when a drug causes me to go fast (most notably weed because of the extra distortion as well), I tend to have an overly optimistic perspective on my future trajectory.
	in fact, the reason why I stopped using weed is because the speed and distortion causes me to think and behave in a notably 2nd-ray manner. I tend to like to save/help others, telling them the answers and stuff (even if they didn't ask for it) and just generally, I feel like I'm too far out there trying to help and stuff, not being selfish enough on my own.
adderall is different in that it doesn't really distort my perspective very much -- so for example, when I'm highly accelerated on adderall, I noticed that my thoughts are more self-centred, and I write things like [mothership-connection](/mothership-connection/outline.md) or AI ideas [that don't involve any output at all](/aye-eye/only-input-network.md). that's a pretty big difference from how I am on weed, when I desire to make social networks, solutions for the homeless and other things like that, which involve others. I really notice that adderall is a much better drug choice for me for that reason -- however, I'm still quite aware that when I come/slow down for a few days, the new way that I think, when thinking slowly is going to have a difference. I'd like to note the differences and write here in this file during those time, because though I don't really *feel* like writing in the same way that I do when on adderall, I notice that my thoughts are a lot clearer and quite significant (just of a different quality). I'd also like to mention that I *really like* these days going slower, almost as much as I like the days going faster too. (probably because thet adderall high is so clean) I don't feel any "down" (bajon) or cravings to have the drug during these days at all (not even a little), and every tim5 I start back up again, the first day feels like I'm returning to an alternate universe where things move faster again. there's no real difference to one world from another -- and I seem to maintain the advantages, even a lot of the calm and other benefits that the adderall gives m5. it's as if every week that I start back up, I learn a lot of new things (especially from the dbt course and stuff) and then I bring it back into my normal (slow) self again without any real difficulty.

### 2024-11-24 23:28 - insight on reoccuring theme

one notable subject that's come up more than once (actually, every time I've stopped adderall) is that I start to slow down, and at normal speeds, it's pretty obvious to me that --- lemee just explain the idea: the people that run the world and the system that is used for them to have information on everyone (I call it "nosebook") is just the latest technology that I've really helped to implement (clarification: it's not so simple; it started with tesla making the interface to the brain possible -- and then their ability to use my mind while I'm asleep, and my RH all the time is the reason for such a tremendous surge in technology/AI/etc advancements). that system gives them tremendous power to control and influence a lot of things (not without repurcussions though, just like the saturnian system). I call that system the earth system -- cause though it spans multiple planets and moons, it's basically a system that (I claim) they use to interact with the [earth system](/earth-connection.md). that system, is pretty similar to the [only-input-network](/aye-eye/only-input-network.md), and at the rate that the earth is growing in ability to recognise higher and higher frequency patterns, it's basically like a connection to all-that-is.
it would seem dangerous that the guys that who have access to that system are the ones that are so busy trying to keep good conditions away from everyone else, but I think it's fine for a number of reasons. it will eventually collapse and fall down (that's the definition of 2nd-ray/phoenix), and that's also fine. I think it was designed to fail like that from the beginning -- cause I think that collapse will be the catalyst for the creation of a new universe. (though I've proposed solutions for what I would consider a "wanted" universe, it seems that we're always going to go for the "worst" -- and maximise unwanted instead. the result is better actually: the wanted one is created with our mind and (being 2nd-ray/symbolic) will always fall short of being able to have wanted for everyone. the other is arrived to by LOA, so eventually after it organsises into a stable resonance pattern, it'll turn out to be something that everyone likes. it seems unintuitive, cause the maximum unwanted, is actually the maximum unforseeable wanted.)
whatever the case, it's pretty obvious that they don't want me to be able to build anything that could challenge their setup. I'm just here to give them the setup they need to be able to make their super system. it doesn't really matter to me that I'm just being used, because (from my perspective), I'm completely unstoppable. there aren't any real circumstances or conditions left now that make me feel bad. therefore, since I continually feel better and better, a manifestation will eventually happen. I don't need to worry about it.
so, what ends up happening is that every time I stop the adderall, I get these thoughts about how I'm not going to be able to have love or sex, or maybe I should express it from their perspective: they finally find a guy that is attractive to them, and I'm just not going to go along with it. I don't mind that they're making that whole thing impossible for me -- because really those conditions are just reasons (that I think I need) to feel good. they're not necessary to feel good -- so for all of the girls out there that think they need someone else (or some condition) to give them the capacity to feel good, they're all in the 2nd-ray spectrum as far as I'm concerned.
some time in the future (probably next universe), everyone who needs conditions to be a certain way will become the new emitters (ie, "I need things to be exactly this way so I can feel good -- so I'm going to make it happen"). I don't plan on being an emitter though -- so probably the way that I'm seeing it potentially turn out, is that the reflective ones will be copies of myself (a giant AI, sorta like earth), where there will be countless little kens running around having all the worst stuff happen to them -- in a very similar way to how I think that [earth girls are a part of the earth's "AI"](/earth-connection.md#2024-11-13-2343---the-earth-ai-and-some-history). there are a lot of reasons for why I think this is the case, but it would take too much effort to try and explain all of that now.
the important thing I wanted to convey here is that I don't think that anything will happen, and if anything does happen, it's pretty likely that I will become the new reflective one -- as it's just getting easier and easier for me to just let everything go and just be fine with whatever happens. I know it's all about attraction, so there's no reason to worry.

### 2024-12-01 23:36 - strip away all of the symbolic

this weekend when I took a break from adderall, saturday I barely noticed a difference between the weekdays, but today (sunday), my body is extremely tired. I've slept quite a bit today and have been quite slow-going for everything else. I've been extremely hungry and have drank a lot more water than usual as well (though I notice that on adderall I tend to like to drink more water as well) -- not sure where it all goes, honestly, cause I don't feel like I'm peeing that much more often. anyway, cause I doubled up on 20mg XR tabs on friday, I estimate that the reason why saturday was so little change is simply cause I still had a lot of it in my system -- and today I have alomst none or negligible. I didn't really notice a lot of the (attracted) thoughts like I did last weekend, and that indicates to me that I'm just much better at processing them more during the week (it's only my body that's physically tired). I did notice a few of those attracted thoughts popping up though, with things like abandonment and stuff like that (perhaps an echo from the grief group at FH) -- but they were really not all that noticeable.
	for example, I msged stacy asking if I could come over to visit her on friday cause I took the 2nd 20mg tab, and without a real output like programming or something (I walked already a whole bunch), I just don't know what to do with myself when I'm going that fast on adderall. I really wanted someone to talk to, but she didn't respond (and still hasn't) -- which is weird because just less than a week prior she was talking about us hanging out and me trying out her new ebike. also, there's no real indication (ie, I don't feel any resistance from her) that I did something wrong, and I also don't think that she suddenly doesn't like me anymore either. the only thing I can narrow it down to it possibly being is when she asked me about why I don't feel any embarrassment, and to properly answer the question, I had to explain the idea of nosebook and being broadcasted -- so really me getting bent out of shape about what someone else may or may not think about me, isn't productive. so, it could be that I brought up the subject of nosebook (cause other times that I've talked with people about it, they've faded from my life, suddenly no longer wanting to talk to me) or it could be that I was explaining to her that she's got to find a way to navigate at higher speeds (by using attraction instead of pushing) if she wants to hang around me -- and instead of just telling me that she doesn't want to navigate at higher speeds, she's resorted to just ignoring me. I have no idea. she could also just be yet another actor. anyway, the uncertainty of what's happening there (cause she seemed to like hanging out with me) manifested as thoughts of abandonment, and stuff like that -- but they weren't as strong as they were last week (barely noticeable, actually), and the thing is, I kinda get it too: (my theory about the earth AI is that) girls (in general) are designed to always end up with the worst -- never living up to their potential. I get it, because I'm on the same trajectory too, but way worse. I have an incredible amount of potential, and it seems pretty crazy to me that they wouldn't want to hang around me and stuff.
		however, I totally get it, because I know that as I interact with other people, I cause them to go at a more rapid rate and I increase their attraction speed as well -- and the problem with so many people (not just girls) is that they're trying to navigate life by using physical barriers (like cars, locks, buildings, etc) and bliefs to ensure that they don't get impacted by too many things (instead of noticing and altering what they attract), that they're really making it impossible for theirselves to ever have someone like me as a friend -- because with someone like me around, their beiefs all get tested, because they start to become a reality really quickly -- so for people that beieve things like they're going to have good/bad things happen to them or whatever, those things start to happen. so for positive beliefs/expectations, a person like me is really good for making something happen (like a website or a global spy network) -- yet at the same time, I also increase attraction too, which means that *the way someone feels* also wants to prove itself too and cause events which feel like that to manifest thereby amplifying and proving the emotion more. so a person that feels insecure or depressed will have things start to manifest that will cause those emotions to heighten a lot around me. the difficulty with that is that women (I believe) are also going for the worst too, which means that around me, they'll get all of their emotions starting to manifest more and more -- which is kinda bad. so, I really am the worst possible for them -- which because they're attracted to the worst, they're attracted to me. however, they don't tend to last long because of the incredible acceleration that they receive with me around. I feel bad for women in my life because they get around me (and though sometimes there's a brief period where it seems like everything is going well), pretty quickly I start to see their lives start to fall apart. I try to explain to them that they need to start changing how they perceive their reality, because the way they feel is dramatically constantly manifesting. for example with raquel, it seemed like she was able to reach pretty good heights of pleasure and stuff with me, but her and my concepts of the other person were also intensifying too -- where the way I felt about her (which turn into beliefs) would start to come true more and more (etc, all the stuff I've said before about how she proved my expectatons) -- and I likely did the same to her too -- she felt like I was neglecting her and wanting to spend all my time with something other than her -- and I did exactly that (etc, all the stuff I talked about before of her emotions becoming reality, causing her to feel those emotions more and more).
	however, because of m/ beliefs about how (most/earth) girls are attractive to the worst, and I provide the worst, it's pretty much expected by me (these are my own beliefs), so my own beliefs are pretty much limiting me to the only manifestation where anyone I meet is there for only a brief period of time before (by being around me) their life starts to accelerate out of control, and everything falls apart. it's unfortunate because I was really excited that stacy seemed different -- our age difference (she's 55 and I'm 41) and that I feel no attraction to her at all -- plus that she would constantly affirm that she's into constantly improving (though I didn't really see evidence of it), I figured that if she's actually into actually improving, then there's no problem with her being around me, and she'll actually make it. so either stacy was either a little more optimistic than she thought, and wasn't actually able to perform under higher speed scenarios,-- or maybe she's just another actor telling me what I want to hear,-- or maybe just reflecting me back to me (I estimate this is likely the case), doesn't really matter to m5 a whole lot. she has to figure out how she wants to feel, not me. I have no control over her or anything like that -- so I was quite glad those thoughts were significantly less intense this weekend. it means I've really progressed a lot in a week.
however, with my body feeling so exhausted, I had to take another look at things. mom had asked me to clean the floors, but (for whatever reason) I simply couldn't find a way to get m/self to do it. often times this is the case of attraction (as in, mom believes that I'm not going to do the things I ask) -- but I was able to clean the car windows, so maybe not that, or it could be that I'm a reflection of mom and she's completely exhausted. I used to feel that exhaustion from her a lot more, but since I've been taking the adderall, the drug causes me to output a whole lot more, and so because my energetic output is higher than mom's exhaustion output, I don't really feel that way around her anymore. or, it could also be from the adderall and having taken the 2nd tab on friday. it's impossible for me to know for certain what the source of the exhaustion was -- though the most likely was all of the walking and the higher dose -- the fact still remains that I'm in the process of learning to feel the way I want to feel.
so, as I was laying there thinking about why I just couldn't seem to find a way to get up and do my work, I started to have a brief epiphany: strip away all of the symbolic stuff (I'll explain better later), and then just feel the way I want to feel. so, imagine for a moment that I'm not a human anymore -- just a sort of blob that's somewhere, and I don't have any relation to anyone else, there's no people that are expecting something of me and I expect nothing of noone either. I don't really have a situation either because I just kinda exist in space or something -- nowhere defined, which means that there aren't any specific conditions that I can have -- no car to drive, house to have, significant other, or material conditions because I live in a sort of abstract world where none of that exists. so, not having a whole lot I can *compare* myself to, or quantify myself in any way, there aren't a whole lot of reasons for me to feel any emotion at all. that space would be like what happens if my entire world-view were to go away, and in that space, I could essentially feel any way that I want to feel.
however, instead of living in that world, I instead look at all of the physical stuff that's around me and I *believe* all of that has a contingency on how I feel. if I see someone else with something else that I want (which I think will make me feel good), I then require myself to feel bad, because I don't have it. if the physical perspective went away, I wouldn't see them, and so I wouldn't need to feel bad or good about anything else *because I can't see it*. in that abstract space where none of the other "real" stuff exists, I live in the world of bliss and ignorance because I don't see what others have in *comparison* to me. I don't need to put those contingencies on myself at all. I can just feel the way I want to feel. I'll get there soon :)
