# visualisation-discussion

### 2024-11-10 22:49 - initial thoughts

last week I was assigned some homework in depression and anxiety group to do some visualisation exercises. first we watched [a TED talk](https://youtu.be/S95-9-VuB0U), which was really helpful to get started. I really liked the talk a lot, and can see the value in visualising, especially the way that ashanti described her first experience. she said that she would go to her balcony, which is a place where *she spent time to be alone*, and this vision of the parking lot started to form in her mind. *she didn't know what it was at first*, but gradually as she followed her inspiration to create the business idea she had in mind, *the vision became a reality*.
she describes the process of visualisation as the vision itself is kinda like a circle -- where in it contains all of the elements of the creation which are meaningful, and then around the vision, there's a whole lot of energy -- and this energy is all of the beliefs and stuff that we have around the vision. (I think) the third aspect of her visualisation technique (once the energy around the vision supports the vision itself) is to then add detail to the vision -- to make the vision seem more visceral or real -- and she says that different people add detail in different ways, so for her, it was more physical (the air in the room was kindof moist because people in the room were sweating), but for others, the detail will be more emotional, like a feeling of accomplishment when the reality becomes a real thing, or how it feels to actually accomplish the goal. I thought her process was quite good, and I think it makes a lot of sense.
I'm not a very visual person though, so for me it's difficult to really know exactly what it is that I want until I see it, because upon seeing it, I can feel it's resonance for me. so, really -- these homework exercises are a bit difficult for me. lemme back up a moment: the exercises ask me to "imagine my best possible self" -- which is to try and imagine myself in 5 years, over the cOurse of the the next 5 days, to focus on:
1. "my best possible family/friend life" -- inotherwords, my ideal social structure that I'm in, and what sort of things that I would enjoy having the people that I want to have around me.
2. "my best possible career or job that I will have 5 years from now" -- inotherwords, the productive aspect of my life which will support me and give me the lifestyle that I want to have
3. "my best possible physical and mental health that I could experience" -- inotherwords, what sort of presence/appearance do I want to have when I'm living in my more ideal form
4. "my best possible romantic life that I could have" -- inotherwords, what kind of fulfilling relationship would I have with a significant other, what they would be like and who would I like to be around on a continual basis
5. "my best possible lifestyle I could have in 5 years" -- inotherwords, what sort things would I like to spend my free time on, what sorts of things do I feel are the best investment of my time into hobbies, community, and social life.
there's a bit of overlap of the 5 days of visualisation, especially in terms of social structure, and for me, when it comes to anything social, these are completely unknown things that have historically dramatically changed my life's trajectory, and I couldn't have possibly anticipated any single one of them. as an example, my brother jaron asked me if I wanted to go to a birthday party of a mutual friend with him. originally I wasn't going to go because he's not a friend that I hung out with as much as jaron did, so I hadn't planned on it -- but it was there at that party where another guest of the party (brent) asked me if I wanted to meet zaryn, who eventually took me to spain to work on tuenti. in my normal projection of my trajectory through time, there's no possible way I could have anticipated such a rondevu with such a person who would so dramatically alter the course of my life. I just couldn't have seen it coming no matter how hard I tried.
for me, when it comes to visualisation, the only visualisation that I can really do is to just take my current environment and mentality and just sort of project it into the future, as if no large changes would take place. as an example, right now, I'm living with my mom in her appartement -- but by the end of this month, I'll likely be relocated to an assisted living facility about a mile away called "oakshire". the way that I live my life now, I don't have any large goals of things that I want to create, and I don't have any more things that I'm going to be doing anymore. I'm converting over to an energetically receptive lifestyle that I call [only-attraction](/concepts/only-attraction.md). so, when I take my current trajectory for my life and I extend it out into the future, I can only see what's immediately ahead -- or, one might say that I can't see temporally a whole lot further than what is happening in my immediate future. I don't have any where I'm headed, and so for me I'll just be doing what I do already, which is learning to be more and more receptive in all aspects of how I communicate with people. I'm sorta like a young child who's just standing there taking in the things around that are happening, rather than the alpha male who's determining the direction for himself and those who's around him.
so, I want to be able to do this homework assignment, but in it's current format, there are a lot of incompatibilites that remain before I'll be able to do it satisfactorally. I recognised this the day of the assignment, and suggested to marcie (the woman that runs the group) that I'd like to take the exercises and I'd like to divide my responses into two sections: first, I would write out the most ideal thing that I could possibly think of for each of the 5 exercises, however, the because the assignment asks us to be *realistic* about the vision ("rather than imagining that you won the lottery and you are living in a luxurious mansion on a private island, you could imagine that you have been successful in your career and you have a life where you enjoy the things you like to do without worry") -- which is, in ashanti's technique, the part where I take the vision (mansion on a private island) and then I make it realistic with thoughts like, "there's no way I could ever have enough money to afford a mansion, let alone a private island" -- that's the energy that's around the vision. according to ashanti, if I'm sitting around in my own private space and I keep *receiving visions* of a private island and a mansion, then that's fine -- I just need to roll with it, and find a way to not let my own realistic thoughts get in the way of the vision. the vision is just a sort of low fidelity packet that comes from the future, and as the energy around the vision starts to align with the vision, the vision will gain more and more detail as it starts to become a reality (for me, this isn't visual -- so I just start feeling more and more like I'm actually doing/building/having the thing that I feel in m/ future). gradually, it starts to take shape, and then there's that "aha! moment" when I realize that the thing that I had been feeling in the past, I'm now living in the present.
	I know I'm not the only person that has that sense, because often times I hear people say, "I *knew* it was going to happen" or, "I saw it coming from a mile away" -- usually in reference to negative things happening to them, but it's the same sense: they had a feeling sense about some thing in the future (or maybe a small vision), and it then they watched it play out in just exactly the same way that they had intuited it to be.
so, if I separate out the vision that *comes to me* (of whatever the most best/ideal/unrealistic vision is), and separately I write out all of the stuff that would obviously prevent me from having that unrealistic vision become reality, I'm not trying to visualise the impossible. I'm just writing out a fantasy -- a sortof christmas list that I'm gonna send to santa (or some other ficticious manifester of fantasy).
	I think a lot of people already have these sorts of fantasies all the time in their mind, but the fantasies stay in their mind, and they never write out the fantasy on to paper like kids do when they write to santa -- so the very tangible aspect of turning something that is only imaginary vapour into something that can be read by physical eyes is one of the first times that this vision gets out into the physical world. additionally, telling someone else about the fantasy is another way to make that first step (there are a lot of ways). another way is noticing symbolic things happening around and interpretting them as messages that the fantasy is getting closer and closer to reality. really, there are a lot of ways, and they're all part of starting to get the mental/conceptual down into physical. it's all about perception.
the next incompatibility that I noticed with these visualisation exercises is that the visualisation always ends with a definition,-- meaning that it has a definite point of manifestation where I the visualiser will definitely know when the thing that I visualised is a real thing. so for example, when I was thinking about what I would write out for my ideal self in 5 years for both physical and mental shape, I had a problem, *because I'm already there now*. right now, I'm in the best physical and mental shape I've been in since my brain haemorrhage. I walk tons and tons. I recover from physical ailments in days or hours, when previously it'd take me considerably longer -- and I've never had more mental clairity and consciousness of what I'm doing and how my actions and words are influencing the environment around me. additionally, and most importantly, my present state isn't at all stagnant or getting worse in any way -- but it continues to improve (in some ways) dramatically each year that passes. so, how do I answer the question? I'm in my ideal state of continual improvement already, so to try and put a definite description of how I want to be in 5 years, I feel like that description would be extremely incomplete. I'll probably be better than that, or even if I'm not, I'll be continuing to improve in energetic ways, even if I don't have the physical manifestation of whatever it is to show for it.
	as an example, I have a definite limp that happens on my left side, and that's because I operate my left side with my left hemisphere. it's not likely (if I project my present trajectory into the future) that will change any time soon, and *neither do I want it to change either*. right now, to allow my left hemisphere to operate the left side of my body, my brain is twisted about 11(degrees), which is about the same tilt that the earth has. I feel that is not at all coincidental -- and I anticipate that eventually my brain will want to turn so that my brain is twisted 90(degrees). I believe that'll happen at about the same time that the earth tilts on its side and faces one of its poles toward the sun. obviously, there's a difficulty because I have these things called eyes, which are connected to the brain, so for my brain to turn like that, my eye sockets would either need to grow tremendously, or lose m/ eyesight. I believe it's going to be the latter, because I'm constantly losing my symbolic form of perception (memory, symbolic logic/analysis and other things), that I actually believe that at some point in time I'll completely rebuild my interface to the world as a conceptual one (ie only-attraction), where I'm highly receptive to conceptual/proton vibration around me, and then using all of the vibrating protons inside of my head, I'll process that vibration into something that for me is just as real as anything else. it's a good thing that every single physical thing has a proton (even electrons have mini protons inside of them), so conceivably I'll be able to perceive anything and everything that's important/received/resonant to me. I don't know when that'll happen, so there's no possible way I can even think about what I'll be like in 5y. if I had to guess when it'll happen, it'll be when the earth decides to turn on it's side -- so when that is, I just don't know. however, what I do know, and what is important to me is that I continue to become more and more sensitive and receptive to that type of conceptual/proton energy. it's already happening, and I'm making continual improvements all the time -- so I just don't really know what to write about for that one.
so, therefore, the second modification that I'd like to make to the assignment would be to allow the vision to not have a definite physical form to it. according to ashanti, the detail aspect of it can be be either physical or emotional, and so if my vision is a bit more abstract instead of definite, I'd like to be able to have a vision of something being in a state of change, like an improvement. I know for some people it's difficult for them to visualise something so definite in the future, but if instead they were to make their vision for the future a *transition*, instead of a definition, that could be a lot easier. for example, let's say that I'm in a relationship that I don't really care for, my vision, instead of being the perfect partner that I always wanted, could simply be the transition out of that unwanted relationship and into a self-identity which I've always wanted to have (independent of a relationship) or into some other thing that I think I'd love to have. the transition gradient could go from something definite (like an existing relationship or financial situation) into something definite, or it could be into something abstract -- like a feeling of well-being or security that I was previously unable to have in the definite situation. I suppose it could even go from abstract to abstract (for example, a transition from a feeling of insecurity to security, or from sheepish to confident -- something like that), but that may be too general for some people to be able to visualise or put detail to in a meaningful way.
I'm going to try and do the exercises soon -- though, presently I'm less than 5 days away from the due date of the assignment -- so I'm going to have to either do more than one in a single day, or ask for an extension. the final difficulty that I'm having, is that I don't have a *received* vision for all of the exercises just yet. each time that I try to get even a generalised or abstract concept for some of them, I just feel like I need to keep waiting. additionally, another difficulty that I'm having is that the wording around the exercises centre around a social aspect which I can neither control, or anticipate (and neither do I want to), so probably the next thing may be to try and find a way to isolate the vision from the social structure, making all of the relations in the vision, not relative to anyone other than myself. I'll find a way :)
