# mothership-connection :: outline
# module-1 :: Welcome to 3D

## Welcome to 3D

### in 3D physical reality, **the past cannot be changed**

though the past can be tuned in to (memory or remote viewing), the past cannot be changed.
there is nothing like the present. all things are happening now.

### 3D humans create the forward motion of time

the fact that what happened in the moments leading up to the present, cannot be changed, 3D humans are the reference point of "now" upon which all other perceptions of time are relative to.
some other perspectives, such as the saturnian perspective allow for the past to be changed and the present to be affected by those changes, however, those perspectives are not only-attraction (they operate with rules other than resonance).
all reality in the present/now is a reflection of the perceivers of that reality [TODO - improve this]

### I am the centre (of *everything*)

everything that I experience is attracted by me (ie, it resonantes similarly to me in some way -- at least in its position in time/space)
the reality I experience around me feels exactly the way I feel about all of its concepts relative to my concepts/perception (ie, reality is a reflection of my perception)

any moment other than now (past or future) also feels exactly like how I feel about all perceived concepts in that moment relative to my concepts (ie, all moments are a reflection of my perception). as I change my perception, the way my past feels also changes.

everything around me is present because it was attracted in some way.

## what is Reality?

**anything** that anyone experiences (inside or out) *is Reality*.
what happens on the inside the body or in the mind, is just as real as anything outside.

**reality is different for everyone**

**all realities are valid to the experiencer**
what anyone or anything believes is reality is valid to them.

**it's not beneficial to invalidate someone's reality**
- their reality didn't happen
	- "that's not what happened"
	- "no this is what happened"
- their reality is invalid
	- "you're tripping"
	- "you were on drugs"
	- "you have bad memory"
- their reality is a consequence
	- "that's what happens when you don't obey ..."
	- "by dishonouring ..., that happens"
	- "it was the black cat or the ladder"
- their reality is out of their control
	- "you had bad luck/fate"
	- "the planets didn't align for you"
	- "you got dealt an unfortunate hand"

**ALL timelines which arrive to the present are valid**
it doesn't matter what a person says happened to them, so long *as they believe it*, that's a valid enough reality for it to be "real" (for them).

*somehow* you got here, and that's all that matters.

they may have different stories different days/times, and that doesn't matter either. those stories are all likely reflections of their emotional state anyway. those stories are "good enough".

## what is Perception?

my perception is how I feel about anything.
every single thing that we interact with has a feeling associated with it.

for example, if I had a bad experience last time I went to the store, the next time I go, I'll be reminded of that previous experience. similarly, familiar things have a subtle feeling to them which makes them feel more "familiar" compared to other things. every word and idea also has a feeling as well (usually imperceptible) -- and that feeling is how I perceive those words. for example think about how different the words "cunt" and "vagina" feel. (one word might feel more dirty or wrong than the other -- the feeling is the manifestation of my perception of that word)
sentences also have a feeling/concept associated with them too -- so for example, when I make a sentence like "you're stupid", I can usually feel some kind of dissonance in that sentence. it doesn't (usually) feel good to call someone else stupid, unless calling them that makes me feel less stupid. in either case, if I believe myself to be smart and call someone else stupid, I'll feel the comparison of myself to them a lot more than if I call/recognise someone else as similar to me. my perception of them is always a comparison of them to myself or some metric, and the manifestcation of that perception is how I feel about them, myself or the metric when I call them that.

as an example, if I see someone doing something that I don't want them to be doing and I say, "you're not supposed to be doing that" -- my perception of them is going to be anger. anger manifests when someone is behaving in a way that they *shouldn't* behave (in my perception) -- so I feel anger toward them. there may be other details to the concept of them behaving like they shouldn't behave, such as being entitled, having more power/authority (so they can get away with it) or a comparison to how I got into trouble for behaving that way (or whatever). all the concepts associated with the manifested emotion, give the emotion that extra detail that makes it difficult to express our emotions (ie, I could say I was upset, but by generalising the emotion, it doesn't tell them how this is the 8th fucking time I told them that and they still didn't get it detail). most details that surround the emotion are usually not expressed, and contain the majority of the emotion's feeling -- making it alive and unique to this instance. therefore, my perception isn't just that they're doing something they shouldn't, but *also* all of the definitions of that person inside the emotion (ie, they're entitled, they abuse their power/authority, they get away with stuff I can't get away with, etc.) all of those combined together is my perception of them -- yet I only feel it as "anger".

## Radical Acceptance of Reality

the idea here is that everything that I experience in my reality is tinted by my perception -- so I have everything from an unnoticeable/neutral responce to what's in my reality, all the way up to a very strong and visceral emotional responce to what I'm experiencing. sometimes the reaction can be so tremendous, that it causes an upset stomach, vomiting, tremors, etc. so, for example, let's say that I just watched someone get shot and killed. that caused me to feel extremely sick to my stomach, and start vomiting. that means that the emotional effect was strong enough that it viscerally affected my body. the emotion that I felt happened in a place in my body (in this case my stomach and perhaps in my throat), and the emotion that I felt contained all of my Perception of what I just experienced. it doesn't matter whether I felt like I could have done something to make the event go differently or not, or for a brief instant I felt my own fear of death, as I realised how quickly life can be taken,-- that Perception of what just happened caused my body to react in a strong way. each person will have their own perception of that event which they will need to pay attention to individually, but the fact of the matter is, there was (obviously) nothing that could be done -- and if there could have been, what's done is done. there's no going back,  and there's no putty humpty-dumpty back together again. I *must* accept reality how it is. it cannot be any different, no matter how hard I will it to be, and all of my efforts or desires that it be different will result in a whole lot of negative emotion (grief, crying, anger, etc.)
that was a heavy example, but *all reality* must be accepted, because it's there (I'm experiencing it now) and it's having an effect on me. if there is any part of reality that negatively affects me, then I *must* find a way to accept it or change my perception of that reality (in some way).
some people are OK experiencing a reality with slight annoyances, or things that cause frustration -- and they just find a way to "live with it", experiencing the same frustration and annoyance every time they focus on that part of reality -- and nothing really changes (usually it gets worse). any emotion (and the perception contained within it) which cause any kind of discomfort or negative emotion can be relieved with an adjustment of perception. the minor annoyance doesn't need to continue to cause suffering. at the very least accept it as something that's just there and doesn't need to cause the emotion, and that can kinda neutralise it -- however, the next time that the emotional responce shows up, pay attention to the details in the responce and notice the parts that are annoying. those are the things that are "not acceptable" or "unacceptable".
sometimes, things are experienced which are soo "unacceptable" that they can't really ever become accepted as part of reality, and there's not really much hope for those things, so just prepare to instead accept being miserable on that one suject. reality only offers two choices: accept all things it has to offer, or accept being miserable -- cause reality isn't going to change just for you. reality drives a hard bargin, and for all of us we arrive to the end of our lives and it's "do or die" -- and we all choose death, cause there's always something so undesirable about this world, we prefer to die. it's gonna happen sooner or later, so pick your battles with reality. (no human, as far as I know, has been able to accept everything reality has thrown at them -- machines may be able to accept whatever reality throws at them with more ease though)

# module-2 :: Attraction
## Focus & Attraction

**anything I focus on becomes a part of my reality**

as an example, let's say that I decide to start noticing red cars. as soon as my focus shifts to start noticing red cars, I *want/desire* to see those cars, and so therefore I start to attract that concept into my reality. when I do that, I'll start to see red cars all over the place -- because I have an emotional reaction to the cars everytime that I see them, thereby attracting them further. so, let's say that there's something that really bothers me (let's say someone cutting another person (or me) off), and that too causes me to have an emotional reaction to it when I see it -- well that too, because I had an emotional reaction to it (positive or negative), means that I'll attract situations which produce that concept into my reality.
inotherwords, as I travel through time, the different emotional things that I want/desire/fear/dread will attract me toward them. imagine that I'm going from one place to another (say from home to the grocery store), there are infinite possible ways that I can get there, each timeline having a slightly different trajectory (something may delay me, maybe I get more red lights, etc) and so subconsciously (because all of these timelines exist simultaneously), I'm automatically attracted to the ones that will give me the most emotional feedback similar to my concept/perception of reality. so, for example, let's say that I'm feeling particularly vulnerable -- and so that'll attract me to the timeline where I see someone get their stuff stollen (I don't feel vulnerable enough to allow it to happen to me yet, so I'm only going to watch it happen and feel that sense that someone could also do the same to me -- thereby increasing my fear and probably causing me to take certain precautions to avoid it) -- and so, subconsciously because the vulnerable tim5line is attracting me, subconsciously I'll have just the right delays and shortcuts to arrive me just to the moment where I can see it. and to add on to it, let's say too that I'm also feeling especially like I want to save or help people -- well then, I'll be able to arrive just in time to be able to console them or maybe even prevent the theft in the first place (depending on how much of a saviour I see myself as) -- however on the other end, let's say I feel helpless -- I may in fact see the theft happen, and (because of how helpless I feel) I'll be frozen, unable to say something in the m6ment, thereby reinforcing my feeling of being unable to help others -- even when I see the theft coming, and (if I could only muster up the courage to call them out), call out to the person that's being robbed, that something bad is happening.

- the way that I perceive something I focus on (which is just those emotional details I feel in a situation) attracts more situations that will *prove that I'm right about all of those little details*.
	- if I feel sorry for someone, I'll attract more situations where I can feel sorry for someone
	- if I feel glad/happy for someone, I'll attract more situations where I can vicariously enjoy someone else's success
	- if I feel angry about something/someone, I'll attract more situations which will give me another chance to be angry
	- if I feel injustice, I'll attract more situations where I can feel injustice ... etc

**changing my focus changes my reality**

if what I choose to focus on, causes me to experience an emotional reaction, at first that reaction isn't going to be too intense,-- however the more I focus on it, dwell on it, and experience it, the more *traumatic* that reaction will be, intensifying the emotion, until it feels as if that reaction *is my reality*.
however, if I *distract myself* from whatever it is that causes the reaction (good or bad), then I've shifted my reality away from that emotion, allowing the emotion to lessen. that's a good way to take a break from the emotion, giving me a little bit of time to do something different. if I want something that I'm focusing on to become a reality, all I need to do is to continue to focus on it, continually increasing the realness/reality/trauma/excitement/reaction whatever I'm focusing on gives me. I can't guarantee that that exact thing I'm focusing on (let's say it's a visualisation exercise) will appear in my reality exactly as I viewed it, but I can guarantee that I'll experience a reality soon enough that produces a similar enough feeling. if I like that feeling and want to experience more of it, then I can keep it going -- but if I don't want to experience a reality that feels that way, I either need to find the source of that attraction and change my perception (for example, let's say I think people are out to get me; then I need to find a way to feel less and less like a victim to others/circumstances -- or let's say I'm feeling a loss of control or ability to affect/ensure those around me to be the way I want them to be; then I need to find a way to let go and accept that I cannot steer any other vehicle than my own) -- or I need to distract myself from whatever it is that's causing a strong reaction.
	I personally have developed the habit (and have placed a number of different alarms in my system) of trying to avoid and change my perception around *anything* that has a strong emotional reaction (positive or negative). the reason for avoiding negative reactions is obvious, but I also avoid positive reactions as well, because they're too out of control. [this part may need to be moved into the section on attraction -- not sure yet]anything that is experienced is both positive and negative *at the same time* -- cause that's literally how vibration works. when I listen to a sound, that sound is going positive for roughly an equal amount of time that it's also going negative (cycling between the two extremes/dialectics some 50 to 10k times in a second). if for some reason there's an accumulation of energy, each cycle will start from a slightly more positive place than it started from last time, meaning that each cycle there's a small amount of loss in resolution on the amplitude each time -- and at some point the amplitude gets too high that something eventually breaks.
		there's actually quite a bit of similarity to this concept in relation to ageing. each year that we're alive, our body accumulates more and more concepts from things that it's experienced through its travel through time. since all of those cOncepts are vibrating slightly differently, it means that it has a wider and wider spectrum of frequencies that it's outputting/attracting -- and since they all add on top of one another (construtively/destructively interfering), some of those concepts will really gain quite an amplitude, cauing them to really output/attract quite strongly. so, the older a person gets, if all they have are positive concepts, then the amplitude of their output/attracton is going to be so high, that there's just so much energy pressure/impact that happens (amplitude is like pressure in the output, or attraction speed in the input), that things happen so rapidly that things manifest so quickly that it just isn't really controllable at all. it's usually not desirable to have something manifest so rapidly because *usually* something that we want to manifest (at first) has very little alignment with our desires (even though we think we want it), and so having something manifest like that really only gives that short-term boost before quickly realising that's not really what I want to attract into my life
			like say I'm upset and I want to vanquish my opponent -- and it happens -- but then I realise I just killed my chess opponent because I lost a game, and now I feel bad for them, and then all of a sudden I get hit by a car because I realised how such a small decision can irreversibly change someone's life, and how fragile life really is. whoopsie.
		so imagine for a moment that we come up with a technology that's able to replace damaged/unfunctioning cells in the human body before they start to make a critical mass of dissonant vibration in the body causing cancer/disease. the replacement cells will always start off in some (probably positive) state, where they're like really young (like newborn cells) and growing up, or maybe even fully-formed adult cells that have a frequency of a person that has a really positive/form of perception -- well, those cells are (being in the body of the perceiver) going to eventually take on the vibration of the perceiver -- which, let's say is really negative. though the cells of the body are constantly being replaced by something youthful or positive, the person in the body will continue to react to cirtcumstances and events, thereby increasing their attraction of those negative emotions, which that they'll experience those negative reactions more and more -- and though their body may continue to work (because of the cell replacement/rejuvination tech), they'll still be attracting more and more of those kinds of situatons that they they're reacting to. at some point, the amplitude of negative concepts that's been accumulated/experienced will eventually rise to such a point that the tech will have to be doing full body replacements of cells more and more rapidly (and let's say it can do that), I posit that those kinds of amplitudes would make for such a 1-dimensional life, because virtually nothing positive is evver experienced anymore, that they'll probably want out -- which is kinda nice actually, because (with that tech) they'll have a really rapid growth stage, becoming an adult nearly instantly, and continue on that way up until they choose to stop the technical aid, and as their body deteriorates, they'll pretty much drop dead instantly. good for them, I guess :) [that's how it works in physical, but I don't know how it works in astral. astral contains attraction to some degree still, but I don't know what kinds of systems they'll want to create -- so likely all of those guys will eternally live in the stars, never wanting to evver return back to physical again... not sure honestly.]
	so, instead of going only for positive I feel it's best to have *equal parts of positive and negative* to allow something that's desired/attracted a little bit of time to be able to be refined into something more wanted *before it manifests*. therefore, (IMO) it's a good thing to have negative attraction (attraction of bad/unwanted things to happen) in my life because, if I can find a way to perceive those unwanted/bad things as something good, I'm balancing the vibration to go in the opposite direction.
	imagine that there are all kinds of "wanted" things that I'm attracting all the time, and as tim5 passes, I'm noticing the positive things more and more, thereby increasing the positiveness of the vibration, up until a point that the magnitude/pressure of the output is so high, that it *must manifest* -- and then now after it's manifested, let's say that I start noticing the things that I don't like about it, or the things that could be better -- the "negative" part of the concept, thereby increasing the magnitude of the negative side of the wave (balancing it out) -- and so the thing that I manifested goes from "super duper awesome" to "kinda meh" -- and since I'm noticing a whole lot of the negative stuff, the trajectory continues and as time continues further, the amplitude/pressure of the negative aspect of it rises to such a degree that the thing falls apart rapidly.
	therefore, I prefer to equal am6nts of positive things as well as negative -- and as I use my perception to turn the negative things manifesting in my life into positive things, I'm causing something that used to be a negative manifestation to become positive, and then the things that are positive, because I'm getting used to them (cause they're there/manifested, and no longer desired), they lose their positivity and eventually drift away ash well -- so there's a constant influx of new unwanted/negative manifestations that I'm using my perception to become positive, and the massive amount of positive stuff that's around me all the tim5 is drifting away at ever increasing speeds. I don't have to ever worry about any one thing getting too positive or some negative thing getting too negative, because their back-and-fourth swapping of positive and negative amplitude is increasing diversity of experienced concepts and a balance where I'm not needing to continually find new ways to sustain/withstand ever increasing amplitudes. everything balances out just fine, and no single thing is either good/positive or negative/bad. however, that's just my opinion though.

**changing my perception changes what I focus on**

as I change my perception, I notice less and less of those little details in my emotional reactions that feel bad to me. things just are, and they are no longer causing such an intense emotional reaction, that means that my attraction is changing. therefore, the things that catch my focus (ie, the stuff that I attract) become different as well.
as I change my perception, I'm beginning to choose different timelines. I have a choice to choose timelines (based on how I perceive the thing) which will give me situations that I can react to in a positive way, or situations where I can have not really much of a reaction at all (ie, I'm observing and taking in the symbolic simulus in a way that doesn't cause a judgement or a reaction). so, if I look at it like that, I can choose timelines where I'll react to something I observe -- which is output -- or, I can choose timelines where I don't react to the what I observe -- which is input. eventually that input will (after a series of processes) continue to attract more of it, until I finally have a reaction, causing me to focus on it.
focus happens as a result of a strong emotional reaction -- so, notice the infinite reality loop that's happening: I focus on something, and that produces an emotion -- which if that emotion is strong enough, I'll have a reaction to that emotion which that reaction/output will produce another emotion, which I can then react to again and again -- however instead, if I just continue to observe whatever I'm focused on, I'm continuing to collect concepts in my awareness that are accumulating to have stronger and stronger feeling, until that feeling causes me to focus on something (or react to what I'm observing -- whichever comes first), and if I try to not react to anything or let anything I'm observing's concept to cause me to change my focus, all of the concepts that I'm feeling are all adding together increasing their amplitude until it causes me to react or change m/ focus.
	try this out for yourself if you want -- go to some place where there are other people and just sit back (eyes open) and try to observe for an extended period of time, not focusing on any single thing. for me, since I'm not really focused on anything, the longer I sit there, the more of a general sense that I start to get of what's happening. sometimes there's a person or a thing that starts to become so attractive that I really want to focus my eyes -- or the general sense of the way the scenery or the people that I'm observing feels to m5 will trigger emotions in myself, which will cause me to "space out" and go off into a "rabbit hole" of random thoughts (ie, my emotional/conceptual reaction to each thought will trigger another thought on a similar vibe as the thought). I sometimes I return myself back to being defocused, but often times I try to observe my thoughts, and the reactions that I'm having to them. unless someone interrupts me, I often try to (at the end) go back and try to look at the different details that are present -- cause even in my well-observing state of mind, I'm usually not even conscious of a lot of the different details that show up. the details are very interesting, because I'll pick up on everything from different details about a person's personality, or the way that an action they performed felt. even though there's nothing specific for me to see, there's quite a rich unseen world there.

# module-3 :: Core Self
## Three Core Aspects of Self


