# mothership-connection :: technical notes

## Perception

I like to think about everything has having tiny bits of vibration to them (protons). every single atom has a proton, and so everything around me is vibrating in very slightly different ways. those vibrations all add up (I like to think of each one of those protons as like a small little sun) and so they're all pulsing with their vibrations -- so when I imagine the medium that they're in (let's think of this as being something very tiny like the ether or something) the arrangement of all of those different protons in atomic, molecular, cellular, and biological (plant/animal/human) form, each produce waves that emanate out and the way those waves interfere with each other produces a vibration. I will call the vibration of protons as conceptual vibration -- as it's transmitted in a medium that's different than the electromagnetic medium. light, and other EM pulses travels in the EM/physical medium at the speed of light. those vibrations are essentially the same as planets/electrons/photons having been ejeected from their host proton/star are traveling through the medium spinning in a somewhat orbit-like characteristic (the year cycle) -- though it's a bit different because it's no longer going around the sun/proton, it seems a bit different but at this time I don't have enough understanding to fully identitify the quality difference between elecron spin around a proton vs how it is when it's out flying through the medium (we know that light and electricity has polarity to it, so light spinning in one direction is not the same as it spinning in the other direction). I also know that the eletron also spins like a planet does (the day/night cycle) which has another effect I'm not totally sure about. however none of that is super duper important, when looking at the conceptual (vibration of protons), because vibrations of protons seem to either be instant (as if they're all existing simultaneously in the same 2d space somewhere) or it's in a medium that has such a fast transmission speed (cause it's at some insanely high frequency) that it may as well be instant. I don't honestly know and can't really tell right now -- though for discussion's sake, I will consider them instant and reaching up to infinite speed and vibration rates. because everything happens so fast, everything happens "now". everything happening in the conceptual is all happening at the same time.
that means that every single thing out there is giving off a subtle "feeling" to it. I think our brain takes in all of these conceptual vibrations and at first, they're just like a mushy gradient or blurry sort of thing that the brain begins to make sense of. judging that (for example) all of the cells in a person's body all vibrate pretty similarly, it's pretty easy for a newborn to begin distinguishing a human blob from the other blogs, because it's a pretty consistent blob. the symbolic portion of the brain then begins to start drawing borders and boundaries around all of these different conceptual/vibrational blobs and starts assigning *concepts* to them. at first, my concept of the blob is the highest definition reflection (attractive proton) of the vibration that concept emits. the more I'm exposed to that conceptual blob, the wider the spectrum of feeling/recognition/attraction to that blob I start to get. every concept that I have of things that I've noticed/perceived/experienced in the outside world is attractive (think oppositely spinning proton), and so the more I experience patterns of protons that vibrate in a certain way, the better my brain builds up it's *perception* (attraction) of those recognised vibrations. this happens with all sorts of things -- from colours all the way to numbers.
at the beginning, my perception is *only*, how those things feel to me. it isn't until later when my symbolic brain starts to really begin to develop (usually as a resonant copy of the symbolic perception of those I'm around), that I begin to see those things in a more physical (ie, it has shape, borders around it, and colour, and meaning associated with it (ie, dad is different than man, and dad's patterns and how those feel also get recorded as well)). all of the things that I perceive continue to collect and build up over time -- and this is my "perception".
so, we can think of a person's perception as a blob of (nearly) all of the cOncepts that they've ever experienced all attracting externally vibrating protons of similar vibration. a person's perception, because it's vibrational, it self-organises into parts that resonate with each other, and obviously as the person's consciousness is perturbed by the impacts of the incoming concepts/protons (which create more perception protons (which I'll call perceptrons) from the impact), and from the settling down of the perturbations during sleep, the faster vibrating ones (all impacts produce higher vibration ones), the fastest vibrating ones are at the centre of a person's perceptron star (very much similar to the one at the centre of our solar system, is a similar one inside of the head that accumulates and grows with time as the person ages). it's also important to notice that the cOncepts that stay together are the ones that aren't impacting with something.
	each time that a concept is externalised (like for example, right now I'm translating a bunch of the vibrations of my perceptrons into words and text, so I'm externalising it) -- and then others will inevitably read this, and when they do, they form their own concepts of what I wrote, which vibrate in a way which is either harmonious (thereby building up the vibration more) or it's dissonant, and causes those perceptrons to impact each other. when they impact, they break into smaller higher frequency bits (sorta like CERN does when they smash protons together -- same thing, but opposite spin) and when they break off into bits (their resulting size depends on the velocity of the impact, and resonance/dissonance between the protons impacting) the higher frequency bits all go more toward the centre of my perception, which is kinda like more near to where my "core concepts" (the core highest frequency concepts that I attract) are located. when that destruction occurs, the concept as I once knew it (or, as I once attracted it) no longer exists, and so I have to re-locate the concept in its higher frequency form. I use this technique on purpose to have my concepts constantly blown to bits causing me to constantly rebbuild that part of my world-view [I know a lot of people in the present/future are reading this because my concepts get obliterated all the time and I have to "rediscover them" -- which is why I have a slightly different take each time I write about it, with a lot of the stuff that doesn't work, naturally getting kinda omitted or improved upon.] each time that a highly dissonant (traumatic) concept intercepts a concept of somoene, it feels to them like their "world-view has been shattered" -- and it has, and requires that they rediscover those concepts in their new higher frequency form. however, the inability to recognise/attract those the concepts that were part of their perception feels to them like the end of the world (as is one of the leading causes for death), they know they can't go back to seeing the world like they used to; their perceptrons have been blown to bits and are now higher frequency forms of their previous self (which more closely resonate with the person's core conepts).
the collection of all of the concepts/protons around me is creating a gradient or specttrum of frequencies which have some amount of resonance or dissonance with the absorbtion spectrum of my perceptrons. most of the protons that we see are just pretty boring stuff like tree protons, desk protons, and stuff like that -- but when we get around another living being (like an animal or a human), those protons are emitting at much higher frequencies and magnitudes like the metal/wood/plastic protons. from a conceptual perspective, if my perceptrons are highly attracting frequencies resonant to the protons those anmimals/humans are putting out, I'll feel inclined (or they'll feel inclined) to walk in a similar direction to me, and I'll notice them as being attractive -- and so based on my perception, I'm attracted to people and places, just because of the way their zillions of protons vibrate in a way that's resonant with my perceptrons. that attraction is what's responsible for creating "timelines" and getting me to be in just the right place so that something bad/good can happen.
	it's worth noting that the saturnian "spectral" system is all about organising these attractions between protons and perceptrons into a form which is quantifiable and symbolically manipulatable. it's pretty impossible to work with a system where there are no defined borders and such, so the saturnian-system is responsible for creating those boundaries between entities, and giving them channels in which the attraction process can be fulfilled, and not too much accumulation of attraction happens (cause the more perceptron attraction acccumulates, the more difficult it is to keep borders and boundaries between things). the whole system is all about managing perception and focus of diffeernt individuals in order to maintain balance, where no thing is emitting or attracting too much. it's worth noting that the more we focus on something, the stronger our attraction is toward that thing -- so it's no wonder that the saturnian system is full of stories (found in film, video, news, etc) of different symbols -- which when perceived by a large audience, causes the attraction of those symbols. symbols are just definitions and boundaries -- but unfortunately not every concept fits neatly inside of those boundaries and definitions though, so it's a continual challenge to get better and better definitions and boundaries between one thing and another. though it looks defined and organised, it's all built on top of the very messy system of attraction/perception, where it is guaranteed (by the efforts of the saturnian-system) that no large groups of perception/attraction ever arise, which can create an imbalance. it's kinda awesome how well it all works, and it's all based off of resonance between concept and perception (which is exactly what emotion is).

## Focus & Attraction

when it comes to focusing on the positive or negative aspect of something, I painted the picture that this would affect the part of the wave that is either in the positive side (>0) or the negative (<0) side of the graph. that's an easy way to visualise it, cause I think the actual physics of this phenomenon is slightly more complex: we can think of any EM wave like an electron/photon that's flying through space. to be able to visualise this, imagine the electron as like a planet that's orbiting its central star/proton. some protons/stars are bigger than others and so therefore have more mass to them (though, I think in modern chemistry, they say the atom has x protons, not one proton that weighs x more -- though the effect is the same really, so it doesn't really matter). as the electron spins around the star/proton, it has a stable orbit (usually), and I equate the magnitude of the wave as its velocity in orbit. so, imagine that I'm some distant star looking at one of the electrons in our star's orbit -- let's say mars -- and my perspective as the star is that sometimes mars is coming *toward me*, and sometimes it's moving *away from me*. so when it's going toward me, we'll call that *positive*, and when it's moving away from me, we'll call that *negative* -- and so as the years pass by, I can either notice mars coming toward me thereby attracting it and increasing it's velocity coming toward me -- or I can notice mars going away from me, thereby attracting it when it's going the opposite direction, thereby decreasing it's velocity for that time (which btw, mars displays this behaviour in our solar system).
	another thing to note here is that attracctive protons (black-holes) are *much higher frequency* than the normal protons that they're associated with. a beautiful and visual example of this is the difference between sirius-a (a main-sequence-star) and sirius-b, which is like a permanent "white dwarf". sirius-b emits very little in optical frequencies, however in x-ray+, it's a much more powerful emitter. the reason for this is because all of the protons that the sirius-b is composed of are vibrating at very high frequencies (its emission spectrum is x-ray+ compared to sirius-a's optical+ emission spectrum. however, it's absorbtion spectrum I'm sure is much much much higher than than x-ray (outside of our range of capabilities)), and so having a higher frequency, the protons are much more densely packed together, which means that they become this sort of really tiny black hydrogen thing (highly absorbative). I posit that it's usually/always the case that given enough emission, the oppositely spinning things (not sure how to explain this... anti-matter? quark? idk) will have quite a range of frequencies (cause everything is in motion) and that means that due to thier interaction/collision, they'll gain a more and more continuous spectrum to them, and also increasing their frequency as well. so, imagine that there is a whole array of low frequency protons that are being emitted, but at the same time, it's oppositely spinning/anti? protons are collecting up and getting higher and higher frequency, waiting for the return of the emitted proton to cancel out its imparted spin coming from the impact/collision. [I'm not actually 100% on how all of this works, but what I wrote is close enough. what's important to know is that the receptive black-holes are tremendously higher frequency than any one of the array of the emitted ones] [the other thing is, sirius-b isn't a black-hole though -- as those are impossible to see with modern detection capability because they're only attraction (anti-protons?), and so we'd need a super duper fast emitter that emits frequencies on the black-hole's absorbtion spectrum and detect its responce. I think black-holes (-1) are spinning in the opposite direction of the stuff we call matter, waiting for the emitted stuff to return to it and cancel out (but it never really cancels, just makes more). I was only using sirius-b as a comparison to sirius-a to illustrate that it's higher frequency and that it's like the solid body attractive core (-2) to a star like sirius-a]
so because the attractive side of the proton (the black-hole) has a frequency going fast enough, it can, with it's focus (changing its frequency signature), change the velocity of an orbiting body by having its frequency go in the same diretction as the thing it's focusing on, thereby attracting and increasing its velocity for the time that it wants to. we have to imagine that all of these stars and all this stuff live inside of a medium, (which lives inside of a medium fractally to infinity) and so the mechanism for attraction is that when both vibrating/spinning/orbiting bodies are going in the same direction (ie, when their dot-product is positive) then, it causes the faster one to slow down ever so slightly and the slower one to speed up ever so slightly. so, it's concievable that something with a high enough frequency (let's say 1000x) has many more opportunities to go the same direction as the lower frequency one -- and depending on the shape of the frequency (ie, how many slightly differently vibrating protons its composed of creating the blackbody/continuous spectrum) to be able to go the same direction more often only when the lower frequency one is going toward it (thereby accelerating it only when the dot-product is positive) -- or less often (thereby slowing it).
	since our attraction/absorbtion spectrum can be thought of like the composite frequency of a whole bunch of oppositely-spinning protons which come from every thing/concept experienced, the arrangement of all those slightly differently vibrating attractive protons can produce *nearly every* frequency desired -- and, the more attractive experience/concepts that a consciousness has, the more versatity the consciousness has to arrange those protons in a way which produces the desired focus.
the proton at the centre of the atom is pulling the electron in toward it as part of its attraction process, and yet at the same time, the vibration of the electron is pushing against the star/proton in the centre -- and this is because the planet/electron has a very different vibration from its host star/proton. however, if there's something out there that's pulling on the planet enough, it can cause the planet to be pulled out of orbit, thereby causing it to emit all on its own -- and we call those photons and electricity -- stuff like that. I think they still maintain a lot of their original orbit, but I think once it's left it's the orbit of its host star/proton, then it has nothing to continue on its rotation like that and will slow down and eventually fade out. the other obvious thing that happens, is as a planet gets pulled into an outer orbit, its orbit becomes wider (which increases its orbital wavelength I guess? -- not sure -- but if it's able to sustain more distance from the star, then (I think) that means that it's pushing/emitting more at a higher frequency) -- and when it's no longer emitting at a higher vibration anymore, it'll fall back into a lower orbit (which now I think causes the central proton/star to emit because of the torque on its layers of hydrogen as the planet now is orbiting at a faster speed again). [again, I'm not totally sure of the mechanics of all of how the proton's orbiting bodies cause the proton to emit, and what happens when the planet goes into an inner/outer/cometary orbit either. however, what I am sure on is that the attractive/receptive side of things runs at many orders of magnitude higher frequency]
